What is Amazon Pay Later?
Amazon Pay Later is the hassle-free way to get instant credit, via a completely digital process, for purchases using EMI on Amazon.in. You have to complete the one-time setup process, which should not take more than 2 minutes and does not require you to provide credit card details.

Once the setup is complete, you can avail Amazon Pay Later payment option during checkout on Amazon.in, and pay later next month or over EMIs ranging from 3 to 12 months. You can easily track your purchases, repayments, and limits history from a simplified dashboard for this payment mode. Amazon Pay Later is offered to you by Amazon Finance India Private Limited ("Amazon") in partnership with one of its third-party lending partners - axio or IDFC FIRST Bank.

What are the key benefits of Amazon Pay Later?
Get instant decision on your credit limit by the lender
Credit card details not required
No processing or cancellation fee
No pre-closure charges
Seamless checkout on Amazon.in using Amazon Pay Later payment option
Simplified tracking of expenses and repayments on the EMI specific dashboard
What are the eligibility criteria to avail Amazon Pay Later?
You need to have an Amazon.in account with a verified mobile number, a valid permanent account number (PAN) card, bank account with one of the selected banks, and one of the officially valid document as address proof - Driving license, Voter ID card, Aadhaar, Utility Bills (not older than 60 days), Passport. You must be 21 years of age or above Further, eligibility is decided basis information already available with Amazon and your credit bureau history. Based on these and a host of other factors, lending partner will decide the Amazon Pay Later limit for you.

What are the offers running currently?
All offers are listed on the Bill Payment & Recharge page.

How much time will it take for a payment to be accepted by the biller?
Some billers take a maximum of 3 business days to accept the payment after the transaction is completed on Amazon.in
You may pay your bills at least 3 business days before the payment due date to avoid inconvenience
Can a bill payment be cancelled for a refund?
No, bill payments once made cannot be cancelled for a refund.

How do I make a bill payment?
You can make bill payments using your Amazon Pay balance, Net banking, Credit/Debit card and UPI. On the Amazon Pay page, select the specific utility for which you want to pay and follow on-screen instructions.

The receipt for your bill payment transaction can be downloaded from Your Orders
Note: The following are related to electricity, piped gas, water, municipal tax, landline, broadband, cable TV and mobile postpaid payment.

Transaction Amount: For order amounts beyond ₹15,000 and up to ₹50,000, only Amazon Pay UPI is supported.
Number of Orders: From your 6th or higher transaction in a calendar month on the respective bill payment category, only Amazon Pay UPI is supported.
Why am I unable to pay bills?
Some of the common reasons for failed bill payments include:

Incorrect authenticator details like account no, customer ID and so on.
Late payment fee not added to the outstanding bill amount.
Technical issues at the biller's end
The payment is successful, however my biller states that the bill is outstanding.
Some billers take up to 3 business days from the date of transaction on Amazon.in to confirm payment receipt.
If the payment has still not been accepted after 3 business days, the transaction will be cancelled and a refund will be processed to your account.
Refunds to Amazon Pay balance will be instant, while refunds for payments made using other payment methods may take up to 2-4 business days, depending upon your bank's policy.
Why do I get a BBPS logo on my bill payment page?
Since the biller is part of the Bharat Bill Pay System (BBPS) system, a BBPS logo appears on the screen
BBPS is a National Payment Corporation of India (NPCI) initiative. It enables interoperable bill payment services to customers and provides instant payment confirmation
NPCI, as the central unit, also undertakes clearing and settlement activities related to transactions routed through BBPS
Can I raise a complaint about the biller?
Please enter your BBPS reference number, select the issue code, describe the issue and submit a complaint at this link. Complaints are resolved by NPCI appointed operating units and the SLA ranges from 4-7 working days.
BBPS number can be found on order details page on Your Orders. You can raise only one complaint for one BBPS reference number.
If you are raising a complaint for a transaction done outside Amazon, you will be able to raise a complaint for a BBPS reference number only if the mobile number associated with the transaction matches the mobile number registered with Amazon.
Please note that Amazon does not look into these complaints and will not be sending any notification when the complaint gets resolved.
Is there any purchase limit for the bill payment?
Yes. Only bill payments of up to the value of ₹ 50,000 are permitted on Amazon. If multiple bill payment orders are placed through the same Amazon account or multiple Amazon accounts amounting to unfair usage of the bill payment system, we reserve the right at our sole discretion to cancel any bill payment order without prior notice.

1. What is Amazon Pay ICICI Bank Credit Card?

Amazon Pay ICICI Bank Credit card is co-branded credit card issued by ICICI Bank in association with Amazon Pay (India) Private Limited (Amazon Pay) and Visa. This is a lifetime free credit-card with no joining fees or renewal fees. The cards earnings mechanism is designed to provide earnings for every purchase (excluding transactions made through the card on EMIs, purchases converted to EMI post facto, fuel spends, Amazon Business transactions made on amazon.in/business, purchase of physical and digital gold on Amazon.in) in the form of Amazon Pay Gift Cards redeemable into Amazon Pay balance associated with your Amazon.in account.

2. What are the key benefits of Amazon Pay ICICI Bank Credit Card?
a) No joining fees or annual fees.

b) No limits on earnings for this credit card.

c) No expiry date for earnings.

d) No minimum redemption amount and no fees on redeeming earnings.

e) The structure for issuing reward points to the cardholders is as below:

                                                             
Cardholders who are Amazon Prime members
Item	Reward Points
Purchases made on Amazon.in (excluding purchase of physical and digital gold, transactions made through the card on EMIs, purchases converted to EMI post facto, Amazon Business transactions made on amazon.in/business). 	5%
Payments made towards booking of flights and hotels on Amazon.in	5%
On Amazon.in - For purchase of Amazon Pay Gift Cards and/or payments made towards purchase of e-books.	2%
Payments made to Amazon Pay partner merchants made using this card from Amazon Pay wallet as payment method.	2%
All other merchant spends outside Amazon.in (excluding EMI transactions, purchases converted to EMI post facto, fuel spends).	1%
International spends.	1%
                                                         
Cardholders who are not Amazon Prime members
Item	Reward Points
Purchases made on Amazon.in (excluding purchase of physical and digital gold, transactions made through the card on EMIs, purchases converted to EMI post facto, Amazon Business transactions made on amazon.in/business). 	3%
Payments made towards booking of flights and hotels on Amazon.in	3%
On Amazon -, For purchase of Amazon Pay Gift Cards and/or payments made towards purchase of e-books.	2%
Spends at Amazon Pay partner merchants made using this card from Amazon Pay wallet as payment method.	2%
All other merchant spends outside Amazon.in (excluding EMI transactions, purchases converted to EMI post facto, fuel spends).	1%
International spends.	1%
 
Exclusions for cashback (as reward points):

a) Payment for transactions through EMI made using the card or purchases converted to EMI post facto.
b) Amazon Business transactions made on amazon.in/business.

c) Purchase of physical and digital gold on Amazon.in.

d) Surcharge waiver on fuel transactions: All transactions made by customers for purchasing fuel (petrol, diesel etc.) will have complete waiver (of 1%) of surcharge levied on such transactions and will not be applicable for any additional rewards.

e) Purchases made at other Amazon marketplaces (including Amazon.com, Amazon.ca, Amazon.co.uk, Amazon.de, Amazon.fr, or Amazon.co.jp) will be eligible for 1% cashback.

There will be an automatic conversion of earnings and issuance into Amazon Pay balance on completion of every billing cycle of this credit card within 2 working days. Applicable earning will be provided to you in the form of Amazon Pay Gift Cards redeemable into Amazon Pay balance associated with the Amazon.in account used to apply for the card. You can see earnings for the past billing cycles in your credit card statement issued by ICICI. For more details on how to see your earnings, please visit ICICI FAQs.

3. How can I apply for Amazon Pay ICICI Bank Credit Card?

Go to Amazon Pay ICICI Bank Credit Card page and click on Apply Now. 
 Follow the on-screen instructions to apply for the card.
Note: In case you have an existing relationship with ICICI Bank, you will continue to have ownership of your older ICICI Bank Credit Card, post approval of the Amazon Pay ICICI Bank Credit Card.

4. How do I check the application status of my Credit Card?

a) Once you have submitted your application online, you can track the status of your credit card here.

b) To track the status, you may also call ICICI Customer Care at 1800 102 0123 from your registered mobile number.

c) In case your application is approved or rejected, you will get an email from ICICI verifying the same. In case of rejection, you will receive an email from ICICI bank from email address amzcbcc@icicibank.com" with subject line "Amazon Pay ICICI Bank Credit Card Application <Application Number>".

5. How do I activate my Amazon Pay ICICI Bank Credit Card?

Go to Amazon Pay ICICI Card dashboard and click on Card Controls. 
Enter OTP and enable online transactions. Click on Confirm Changes and verify OTP again. 
Click here to get information on how to activate card.
6. How do I add my Amazon Pay ICICI Bank Credit Card to my Amazon.in account?

You can add your Amazon Pay ICICI Bank Credit Card while shopping on Amazon.in. You have to provide consent to save your card while paying through your card on Amazon.in. 

Please make sure your card is activated for transacting on Amazon or outside Amazon. Click here to get information on how to activate card.

7. Can I apply for the Amazon Pay ICICI Bank Credit Card using a different mobile number?

Yes, you can apply to Amazon Pay ICICI Bank Credit Card using different mobile number or email address but you need to update the same mobile number and email address to your amazon account. You will not be able to change mobile number and email address throughout the application process.

8. How do I complete Amazon Pay ICICI Bank Credit Card KYC verification?
Amazon Pay ICICI Bank Credit Card offers two modes of completing KYC verification:

Video KYC: You are required to provide PAN card and Aadhaar details followed by video-based verification with an officer of ICICI Bank. Please ensure you are also carrying white paper along with pen to provide signature in front of the officer. You will be required to come on camera by accepting the call request by the ICICI Bank officer and complete your video KYC call by answering few questions asked by the officer and showing the original PAN card copy. Video KYC is available 24/7 on all days.
 In-person KYC verification: Once the application is submitted by the customer, customer can book the appointment for in-person KYC verification. A KYC agent will visit the customer and complete the in-person verification. For In-person verification, Aadhaar number is mandatory since it will be completed by biometric fingerprint authentication. To book slot for in-person KYC, please click KYC verification page. 
9. How can I complete video-based KYC verification for Amazon Pay ICICI Bank Credit Card?

Aadhaar Card and PAN card are mandatory to complete Video KYC. You can complete video-based KYC verification by following the below steps:

a. Provide Address Details: Provide your current residence address if it is not same as the address in your Aadhaar and office address.

b. If you have already filled online application, click on Check Application Status and complete your KYC by choosing video KYC option. You will be auto redirected to live video conference with an officer of ICICI Bank who will ask you to answer a few questions and show the original PAN card. In case an officer of ICICI Bank is not available at that moment, you will be asked to wait for a few minutes. In case you decide to do it later, you can come back to Amazon Pay ICICI Bank Credit Card page and click on Check Application Status to initiate video KYC process. Video KYC is available 24/7 on all days.

KYC has to be done only once during application process. If you complete video KYC, do not opt for in-person KYC.
10. Do I need a smart phone or a smart device to complete video KYC? Do I need to download any app to complete video KYC?

Any device which is a smart device (for example smartphones, tablets) and can be used to upload income documents and conduct video-based verification can be used to complete video KYC. You are not required to download any other app to complete video KYC. Video KYC verification will be initiated from your Amazon Pay ICICI Bank Credit Card application hosted at ICICI Bank. In case you could not complete the video KYC process, you can come back to Amazon Pay ICICI Bank Credit Card page on Amazon.in and re-initiate the KYC process. For Android users, Chrome browser is recommended, while for iOS, Safari browser is recommended. 

Please ensure your internet connectivity is stable to complete video KYC.

11. My KYC appointment has been completed. How many days will it take to approve my card?

It takes 7 business days from the KYC appointment completion date to know whether or not the Amazon Pay ICICI Bank Credit Card is approved. You will receive SMS/email once your card is approved. Please contact ICICI bank at 1800 102 0123 for more details.

12. I already have an ICICI credit card. Can I still apply?
Yes, you can apply for Amazon Pay ICICI Bank Credit Card even if you already have an ICICI credit card.

Please note that you will continue having ownership of your older ICICI credit card, post approval of Amazon Pay ICICI Bank Credit Card.

If you have active ICICI Credit card, you may get Amazon Pay ICICI Bank Credit Card within 30 minutes.

13. I completed the application process and my application was instantly approved. When will I get my card?

a) You will be issued a digital copy of your credit card immediately at approval. As per guidelines issued by the RBI, usage of international, tap & pay and online transactions is disabled for all credit cards, including your Amazon Pay ICICI Bank Credit Card. The guidelines impact only cards issued on or after September 30, 2020 or cards that have not been used for online payments in the last 12 months prior to September 30, 2020.
b) You can start using this card for all your online purchases, post enabling it for online transactions by visiting ICICI Netbanking/iMobile app using the following steps:  

 (i) Login to iMobile > Click on Cards & Forex > Choose your Credit Card > Click on Manage Card > Enable International/Online/Tap & Pay transactions.  

 (ii) Login to Internet Banking> Click on Cards & Loans > Click on Credit Cards > Click on Manage Your Card > Select Credit Card Number > Under Manage Credit Card Usage click on Edit > Enable International/Online/Tap & Pay transactions > Enter OTP triggered to your registered mobile number to complete the process.

The physical card will also be dispatched to your contact address and will reach you within 7 business days of approval. You can also fetch your card details by logging into your ICICI Internet Banking or iMobile app.

Note: For instant approved cards, CVV will not be visible to the customer upfront on app. Please check this by logging into ICICI Netbanking / iMobile app.

14. How will I get the Personal Identification Number (PIN) for the card?

The PIN will be sent through SMS on your registered mobile number. You can also generate your PIN by using any one of the following options:

a) Using Interactive Voice Response System (IVR) by calling our toll-free number 1800 102 0123/ 1860 120 7777.

b) Using iMobile app (Go to Services & Aadhar > Card Services > Generate Credit Card PIN).

c) Log in to Internet Banking > Generate PIN > Credit Card PIN > Generate Now.

15. How can I pay outstanding bill for Amazon Pay ICICI Bank Credit Card?

You can pay your outstanding bill for Amazon Pay ICICI Bank Credit Card via methods including Amazon.in app and or via ICICI Netbanking / iMobile app.

(a) Amazon.in app: You can pay your outstanding bill from the Amazon Pay ICICI card dashboard. You can access it from here on your app.

(b) ICICI Bank account: Login into your ICICI Banking App or Net-banking portal and go to CreditCards -> Amazon Pay ICICI Bank Credit Card -> Pay ICICI Bank Credit Card Bill.

16. I am not able to apply for the card.

You might not be able to apply for this card due to any one of the following reasons:
 
Application rejected: If you had already applied for this card and got rejected, you will only be able to apply again after 6 months. In case of rejection, you will receive an email from ICICI bank from email address "amzcbcc@icicibank.com" with subject line "Amazon Pay ICICI Bank Credit Card Application".
 
Already hold the Amazon Pay ICICI Bank Credit  card: If you already have applied and received one card, then you will not be able to apply for another one. Currently, only one card per Amazon.in account can be allocated. If it is none of the above, then please reach out to ICICI customer support on 1800 102 0123 / 1860 120 7777 between 7a.m. to 9 p.m. from your registered mobile number.

17. In what scenarios, will I not get this card in 30 minutes?

If you are an existing ICICI Bank credit card customer, you may get card approved in 30 minutes. However, as per bank's credit underwriting policy and basis customer's bureau records it may take longer to process the application. If an application is received outside of working hours and/or on a non-working day then too processing can take longer than 30 minutes.

18. Where can I use my earnings, i.e. Amazon Pay balance?

Amazon Pay balance can be used to buy anything on Amazon.in and partner websites and apps, except for purchases on other Amazon marketplaces, Amazon Pay Gift Cards. For more details on the list of merchants accepting Amazon Pay, click Featured Partners link.

 All earnings will be automatically credited to your Amazon account in the form of Amazon Pay Balance within 2 working days of completion of your last billing statement.

19. My application for Amazon Pay ICICI Bank Credit Card has been approved. Am I eligible for any welcome offers?

Yes. If you apply for the Card and the application is approved, and you do not have an existing Amazon Prime membership as of such date, you will be eligible to receive a 3-month Prime membership at no additional cost, subject to applicable terms. You will be eligible to receive this benefit, if you applied for the Card and your Card has been approved after April 13, 2023, and only if you do not have a valid Amazon Prime membership. If you are an Amazon Prime member, you will receive rewards for transactions undertaken through the Card equivalent to 5% of the transaction amount paid through the Card, subject to applicable terms; else you will receive reward equivalent to 3% of the eligible amount if you are not a Prime member.

In the event a trial plan for Amazon Prime is active for your Amazon account, you will not be eligible to receive the 3-month Amazon Prime membership under the Welcome Offer, since your account will have an existing Amazon Prime membership at the time of receiving the Welcome Offer. In such a case, you will, however, be eligible to receive all benefits applicable and available to Amazon Prime customers under the Welcome Offer.

20. I used someone else's card to purchase on my Amazon.in account. Will I get any earnings for this?

Please note that earnings will only be transferred to the card owners Amazon account. If you have borrowed an Amazon Pay ICICI Bank Credit Card from another person and are using it for purchase, applicable Amazon Pay balance will not be added to your Amazon account.

21. When will I receive my earnings? How can I verify the earnings amount that has been credited to my Amazon Pay balance?

Your earnings will automatically be converted in form of Amazon Pay balance (Amazon Pay Gift Cards) within 2 working days of completion of every billing cycle of this credit card. This amount is redeemable for all Amazon and Amazon Pay Purchases.

You will receive confirmation from Amazon via Email, after your earnings have been credited to your Amazon Pay balance. 

Additionally, you can check your Amazon Pay transaction history for the entry labelled 'Amazon Pay ICICI Bank Credit Card: Rewards earned for last billing cycle' and applicable gift card issued for earnings on this credit card.

You can also check cashback details in the monthly statement generated by ICICI on your iMobile app. 

Note: Earnings will automatically get credited within 2 working days of completion of every billing cycle of this credit card. If you find a difference in the earnings, please contact ICICI bank at 1800 102 0123/1860 120 7777 between 07:00 a.m. and 09:00 p.m. from your registered mobile number.

22.What will happen to my earnings when I return a purchase?

If you have returned the purchase within the same credit card billing cycle in which the purchase was made, applicable earnings will be debited in the same cycle. Otherwise, it will be adjusted against the earnings for the next billing cycle.

23. Why does my earnings notification say that it will expire in 3 years?

The earnings processed to your Amazon Pay balance are in form of Amazon Pay Gift Cards, which have an expiry period of 3 years, however, please note that at the time of expiry, the amount will be auto-renewed which means that the amount will remain in your account until the time you use them.

24. My Prime membership expires tomorrow, when will my earnings construct change?

Effective immediately, after the expiry of your Prime membership, your earnings program will change from 5% to 3%. However, if you renew your Prime membership, the 5% earnings will still continue.

25. Can I transfer ownership of my Amazon Pay ICICI Bank Credit Card?

No, you cannot transfer ownership of your Amazon Pay ICICI Bank Credit Card to another account at ICICI Bank or another Amazon.in account. The card will always be linked to the original Amazon.in account from which it was applied for.

26. I want to close my card.

To close your credit card, please contact ICICI bank at 1800 102 0123/1860 120 7777 between 07:00 a.m. and 09:00 p.m. from your registered mobile number.

For more queries, refer Amazon Pay ICICI Bank Credit Card FAQs.

27. I want to increase my credit card limit, how to proceed?

To increase credit card limit, you can either send an SMS to ICICI Bank or use Netbanking / iMobile app. For detailed steps on increasing credit limit please visit here.

About Amazon Pay Balance
What is Amazon Pay Balance?
Amazon Pay Balance is a digital payment solution using which you can make online transactions on merchants, including Amazon.in and our other partner websites and apps .

Balance consists of two different components which are Wallet and Gift Cards. Therefore, total Amazon Pay Balance= Amazon Pay Wallet + Amazon Pay Gift Cards.

Wallet stores all the Balance that you add yourself to Amazon Pay Balance, where as Gifts and Credits stores your Gift Card Balance and any cashbacks or refunds that are issued to you. You can always check the amount break down from your https://www.amazon.in/gp/payment/statement

Does Amazon Pay Wallet expire? Are there any usage charges?
There is no validity period for Amazon Pay Wallet , however Amazon may choose to impose a validity period as and when required and mandated by the regulator. You shall receive periodic reminders before this happens on your email/ mobile. Please check our Terms and Conditions for more details. Amazon Pay doesn't impose any charges on customers for use of Amazon Pay Wallet. However, merchants may impose certain charges on your use of merchant services. Please refer the merchant terms and conditions to more details.

How do I update my account details?
You can update your Account details fromAccount Settings

Is it mandatory to update an official ID number in order to add Amazon Pay Balance?
As this is an RBI mandate, you should update an official ID number to your Amazon Pay Wallet in order to add money. However, you can continue using Gift Cards component without updating this information.

Amazon Pay Wallet and Wallet with UPI
How do I create a UPI ID for Amazon Pay Wallet?
You can set up Amazon Pay Wallet UPI to make payment transactions on UPI rails by registering through the Amazon app. Please not that it is not feasible for desktop to avail this option as of now.

Sign-in to your Amazon Pay Wallet on the ("Amazon App") using your Amazon.in account credentials; (Please note that the mobile number in your Amazon App should match with the mobile number of the phone on which the Amazon App is downloaded.)
Existing Amazon Pay Wallet customers can visit the 'Add Money page on the Amazon App and activate / enable the Amazon Pay Wallet UPI Service by verifying their mobile number.
If you are not registered for Amazon Pay Wallet, you must first register for Amazon Pay Wallet with details of any valid government ID from the options available. Post this, you are required to register and verify your mobile number. For mobile number verification, choose the SIM card that has the same mobile number which is signed into Amazon account and that you want to link with Amazon Pay Wallet UPI. It may be different from the mobile number linked to the selected government ID. Once you enter the details and hit "Continue", your mobile number would be verified and, Amazon Pay Wallet UPI Services will be activated / enabled for your Amazon Pay Wallet.
I already have an existing UPI ID with Amazon. How is this different from the existing UPI ID? What is the difference between Amazon Pay Wallet UPI ID and Amazon Pay UPI ID?
Amazon Pay Wallet UPI ID (mobile#@amazonpay) is linked to your Amazon Pay Wallet, which is different from the Amazon Pay UPI ID (mobile#@apl) which is linked to your bank account. While transacting using Amazon Pay Wallet UPI ID, the money is debited from/credited into your Amazon Pay Wallet and not your bank account. To make transaction from your bank account, you can use your Amazon Pay UPI ID (mobile#@apl). You need not link your bank account in order to set-up Amazon Pay balance UPI ID. Go toAdd Money page and Set-up your Amazon Pay Wallet UPI ID.

Do I have to setup a 4-digit UPI PIN for Amazon Pay Wallet UPI ID? If yes, how do I that?
You need not set/enter UPI PIN to use the money in your Amazon Pay Wallet using Amazon Pay Wallet UPI ID (mobile#@amazonpay). Experience a 1-click payment, faster transactions and with zero failures with Amazon Pay Wallet UPI. For all the transactions done with Amazon Pay Wallet UPI handle, we ensure the validations are done by us to ensure your transactions are secure.

I am a Small Account customer. Will I be able to register to Amazon Pay Wallet UPI ID?
As a Small account customer, you will be able to register for Amazon Pay Wallet UPI ID. Your handle will be mobile#@amazonpay. With this handle, you can request money into your Amazon Pay Wallet. However, your need to upgrade to Full KYC to Send Money to any person or merchant using this handle.

Why am I not able to find the option to register for Amazon Pay Wallet UPI ID?
This feature is available for all Amazon Pay Balance users via Amazon.in app. The feature is not available on desktop.

How do I load Amazon Pay Wallet? How much time would it take?
You can top up your Amazon Pay Wallet using a debit card issued in India, credit cards, through net banking and Amazon Pay UPI. Please follow the instructions given here.
You can also top up funds to Amazon Pay Wallet by paying cash at doorstep if you are eligible. Check here to know more. Please note that you will be able to perform a maximum cash load of INR 50,000 per month.
This cash load facility is permitted only for Full KYC and Small account Amazon Pay Wallet (with cash loading facility), but not permitted for Small account(without cash loading facility).
Typically, a top up gets credited instantly, however in some cases it can extend up to 15 minutes. If you are loading Amazon Pay Wallet at doorstep through cash load, then the amount will be credited to your account in a few minutes. However, in exceptional scenarios, this may go up to 6 hours.

Are there any additional charges involved for topping up or using Wallet?
There is a charge of Wallet loading fee if top up is done through credit cards. When you add money into your Wallet via credit card, an additional fee (2.36% of the Add Money amount) deducted from the credit card.

For example, when you add INR 100 into your Wallet via credit card, a Wallet Loading Fee of INR 2.36 extra will be charged. In total INR 102.36 gets charged to the credit card and INR 100 is added into the Wallet for payment. The total amount will be shown on the payment page before completing the transaction.

Is the Wallet Loading Fee charged for all Add Money transactions?
No, only for adding money into Wallet via credit cards, Wallet Loading Fee of 2.36% is charged. You can continue to add money into Wallet with other payment instruments which are UPI, debit card, net banking without any extra fees.

Why is Wallet Loading Fee charged?
We help you load money into wallet using credit card via 1-click, provide seamless payment experience, 24x7 customer support service and instant refunds in multiple use cases on all bookings across multiple devices. For these services, we charge a nominal non-refundable fee.

Do I need to pay any additional taxes on the Wallet Loading Fee?
The Wallet Loading Fee is 2% of Add Money to Wallet amount. An additional 18% GST on the Wallet Loading Fee also gets charged for every load via credit cards. Overall, 2.36% (2% + 18% GST on fees) Wallet Loading Fees including the taxes is charged. Fee breakup will be clearly shown before adding money into the Wallet.

Where can I find the invoice of Wallet Loading Fee?
You will receive an email notification once the money is added into your Wallet. Additionally, an invoice for all Add Money transactions via credit cards will be sent with the invoice details to your registered email address. Alternatively, reach out to customer support for any queries.

Is it necessary to upgrade my Amazon Pay Balance to do any transaction from the 'Wallet' portion of my Amazon Pay Balance? Why should I link UPI ID to Amazon Pay Wallet?
No, it is not mandatory to setup an Amazon Pay Wallet UPI ID to make transactions with Amazon Pay Wallet. If you don't setup an Amazon Pay Wallet UPI ID, your Amazon Pay would work same as before - you can still make online transactions on Amazon.in and our other partner websites and apps. However, if you setup Amazon Pay Wallet Balance UPI ID, as a Full KYC PPI User you can now send money from your Amazon Pay Wallet to your friend, to any bank account, to another UPI enabled Wallet, scan and pay using Amazon Pay Wallet as well as request to receive money into your Amazon Pay Wallet (depending on your account type). Go toAdd Money to Setup your Wallet UPI ID
How can I close my Amazon Pay Wallet? How do I deactivate my Amazon Pay Wallet UPI ID?
If you'd like to close your Amazon Pay Wallet account, please contact our customer service team from amazon.in/contactus

Select Deregister to deregister your Amazon Pay Wallet UPI, please contact our customer service team from amazon.in/contactus .

Using Amazon Pay Balance for Payments/ Transactions
How can I send and receive money from Amazon Pay Wallet?
You need to complete 2 steps 1. Completing Full KYC/ Online verification 2. Register UPI ID for Amazon Pay Wallet. After completing these 2 steps, as a Full KYC PPI user, you can Send/Receive money to anyone from your Amazon Pay Wallet.

Note:
Gift cards component can be used for shopping online on Amazon. Gift cards component cannot be utilized for sending money to your contacts or for making payments to all offline merchants but can be used through Scan and pay to merchants on Amazon Pay QR codes only.

Full KYC can pay to any merchant or person or transfer to bank account via Amazon Pay Wallet UPI address (your phone number@amazonpay). For Terms and conditions, please check here .

Making payment to a shop or at a website, or at an app: Full KYC PPI users can pay at shops or apps accepting payments via UPI, using the Amazon Pay Wallet UPI ID (your phone number@amazonpay)

On Merchant Website:
Enter your Amazon Pay Wallet UPI ID on the merchant website page where you select a payment method
You will receive an App notification from Amazon for your payment request.
Select the notification to review the payment request; and if all the information is accurate, confirm the payment to complete your transaction.
In case you do not receive the payment request notification on your mobile or you missed it, you can also check the payment request by selecting "Approve Payment " on the Amazon Pay page on the Amazon App and complete your transaction without any additional MPIN.
At a store / shop:

Select the "Scan and Pay" icon on Amazon Pay dashboard.
You can scan any UPI QR code. Ensure the QR code fits in the scanning frame. Alternatively, you can choose to scan the QR from the images stored in your gallery. (Note: You will have to provide access to your camera and your gallery.)
Once the QR is detected by scanner, verify the name of the payee and enter the amount.
You can select to pay from "Amazon Pay Wallet
" from the available payment methods, enter the amount and continue to complete the payment without any additional MPIN.

Gift cards component can be used for shopping online on Amazon. Gift cards component cannot be utilized for sending money to your contacts or for making payments to all offline merchants but can be used through Scan and pay to merchants on Amazon Pay QR codes only.
Fund transfers: A full KYC PPI User will also be able to use their Amazon Pay Wallet UPI ID for fund transfers to another Amazon Pay Wallet (PPI) holder or to a bank account using the below 2 options:

Fund transfer via Send Money options:
Select the "Send Money" icon on Amazon Pay Dashboard.
Choose any of the following methods to send money from your Amazon Pay Wallet to a recipient: Send to a contact, Send to a UPI ID (linked to a bank account / a Wallet, Send to a bank account, Recently Transacted.
Verify the name of the payee and enter the amount.
Select 'Pay Now' to complete the transaction without any additional MPIN.
Fund transfer via Collect request:

If you have received a payment request through UPI, you can make such payments by visiting the Amazon Pay page on the Amazon App and selecting the 'Approve Payment' request notification.
After reviewing your pending payment requests, you may either choose to decline or pay for such requests.
If you choose to pay for a given request, a request summary will be displayed on your Amazon App.
Select 'Pay Now' to complete the transaction without any additional MPIN.
If you decline the request, the payment will not be completed.
Request Money: Both Full KYC and Small account customers will be able to request money using their Amazon Pay Wallet UPI ID:

Request from UPI ID: Enter the Amazon Pay Wallet UPI ID of the sender.
Request from a contact: You can select the contact of the sender from your phone contacts.
If the selected contact has Amazon Pay Wallet UPI ID or is a saved Amazon Pay Wallet UPI ID on your Amazon app, it will populate the Amazon Pay Wallet UPI ID of the sender. Else, it will prompt you to enter the UPI ID of the sender to request money

What are the transaction limits for using Amazon Pay balance Wallet UPI ID linked to my Full KYC Wallet?
Per UPI transaction limit is INR 100,000/-
Merchant payments on UPI - Scan and pay and online merchants: Monthly spend limit INR 100,000/- for Full KYC customers
Send Money limits:
A maximum of 20 bank transfers per day.
Monthly transfer limit of INR 100,000/-.
Collect request limits: 5 collect requests from Amazon Pay Wallet UPI ID to anyone per day.
You can maximum request up to INR 2000 from Amazon Pay Wallet
UPI ID per each collect request.

You can only transact up to a maximum of INR 5,000 within 24 hours from your 1st successful transaction, including the 1st transaction through the UPI handle linked to the Amazon Pay Wallet.
Below illustrative scenarios detail out this limit:

Scenario 1: In case your first Amazon Pay Wallet UPI transaction amounts to INR 5,000, you will not be able to undertake any additional UPI transaction within the next 24 hours from this transaction.

Scenario 2: In case your first Amazon Pay Wallet UPI transaction is INR 2,000 (for example), you will be able to undertake additional UPI transactions upto INR 3,000 within the next 24 hours from this transaction.

Why am I not able to add money into Amazon Pay Wallet?
Please check the following:

The name on your Wallet must not have numbers or special characters in it.
Your Wallet should have a mobile number and an Official / government ID number added to it. Check the same from your Account Settings
It could also be that your Full KYC is pending. If this is the reason, you will be prompted to complete Full KYC.
If none of the above is an issue, then you might have reached your monthly load limit. Check your updated limit from the Add Money option.

Where do I check my Amazon Pay Wallet transactions?
All Amazon Pay Wallet transactions can be tracked from thehttps://www.amazon.in/gp/payment/statement option

Can I set up a spend limit?
Yes, you can set up a limit on the amount that you can spend from your Money in Amazon Pay Wallet . This can be done in two ways:

Set up a limit on the amount you can spend per transaction.
Set up a limit on the number of transactions you can make per day.
If you'd like to set this up, please contact us from amazon.in/contactus

Note:
This limit cannot exceed your default monthly spend limit which is Rs.10000 if you have a Small account / you have not completed full KYC
This limit cannot be applied on the 'Gifts and Credits' component of your Amazon Pay Balance.
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Notice
Auto Reload Amazon Pay balance
Amazon Pay Grievance Policies
How will I get a refund on transactions made through Amazon Pay Balance?
Refund will be processed back to the original payment method, which in this case is Amazon Pay Balance. If a transaction was partially paid through Credit card as well, then the refund will be processed to credit card and Amazon Pay Balance, respectively. Refunds for Amazon Pay Wallet UPI transactions will be issued directly to the Amazon Pay Balance. The refund time line is 2-4 business days.

I got a cash back for my Amazon Pay Balance transaction, how much time would it take to reflect into my Amazon Pay Balance?
The cashback will get added directly to the eligible customer's Amazon Pay Balance: Gift Cards within 3 days after the shipment of the product. Amazon Pay Balance can be found at https://www.amazon.in/gp/payment/statement. To know more about cashbacks-check here .
How can I use my Amazon Pay Balance?
When you have sufficient balance for the transaction, you can continue to use Amazon Pay Balance. If you do not have sufficient balance for the transaction, we are working on improving the experience, so that you can add money to Amazon Pay Balance directly from the Payment Selection page and use it during payment. With this change, you will have an instant refund experience for all your payments done with Amazon Pay Balance. Till then, whenever you have insufficient balance, please Add money (using UPI/Credit / Debit Card) to your Amazon Pay Balance and complete the payment. You can find Amazon Pay Balance under 'More ways to pay'. With Amazon Pay Balance, you can pay bills, shop on Amazon, and use over 10,000 apps and websites (Ola, Swiggy, Uber, etc.). You can also win exciting prizes.
Why am I not able to use Amazon Pay Balance(including Gifts & Credits) along with any any other payment instrument?
Due to a temporary change on the Payment Selection Page(PSP), you cannot combine Amazon Pay Balance along with other payment instrument to make payments. We regret the inconvenience caused. We are working to improve the experience so that you can easily Add Money to your Amazon Pay Balance from the Payment Selection page and use it during payment. With this change, you will receive an instant refund for all payments made with Amazon Pay Balance. Until then, whenever you have insufficient balance, please Add money to your Amazon Pay Balance (using UPI/Credit / Debit Card) and complete the transaction.
Why am I getting an insufficient balance error when I try to pay using Amazon Pay Balance?
You are getting this error, as you do not have sufficient balance in your Amazon Pay Balance to pay for the transaction. If you do not have sufficient balance for the transaction, we are working on improving the experience, so that you can add money to Amazon Pay Balance directly from the Payment Selection page and use it during payment. With this change, you will recieve an instant refund experience for all your payments done with Amazon Pay Balance. Until then, whenever you have insufficient balance, please Add money to your Amazon Pay Balance (using UPI/Credit / Debit Card) and complete the transaction.
Why has the process of using Amazon Pay Balance changed when I do not have sufficient balance to complete the transaction?
We are working on improving the experience, so that you can add money to Amazon Pay Balance directly from the Payment Selection page and use it during payment. With this change, you will recieve an instant refund experience for all your payments done with Amazon Pay Balance. Until then, whenever you have insufficient balance, please Add money to your Amazon Pay Balance (using UPI/Credit / Debit Card) and complete the transaction. You can find your Amazon Pay Balance under 'More ways to pay'.

Why am I not able to add my Gift Card?
Gift Card Expiry : Add the gift card to your account and check if it shows an error as 'Gift Card is expired'. If yes, contact us to extend the expiry date.
Gift Card Redeemed Error : If you get an error 'the Gift Card has already been used/redeemed', visit Your Transactions to see if the gift card has already been applied to your account, or to the Amazon account of any of your family members.
Card Activation: If the Gift Card you are trying to use was given to you by an organization, please contact them to check if the card has been activated.
Note: International Customers are not eligible to use Gift Cards. Any Gift Cards purchased from marketplaces besides India cannot be added in the Indian account.
How do I purchase an Amazon Pay Gift Card?
You can purchase Gift Cards from the Gift Card Store.

You can use Debit Cards, Credit Cards, Netbanking, and UPI to purchase an Amazon Pay Gift Card.

However, you cannot use the existing Amazon Pay balance, Debit/Credit Card issued outside of India or a Gift Card to purchase another Gift Card. Also, You cannot use corporate Credit Card for e-Gift Card purchases.

e-Gift Card orders cannot be placed using EMI or POD (Pay on Delivery) options.

Note: Amazon can disable credit cards for purchase of Gift Cards from time to time on select accounts. You can use any of the other permitted instruments such as Debit Cards, Netbanking and UPI in case you do not see the option to use credit card on your Gift Card purchase.
I purchased an e-Gift Card, but I have not received it yet.
e-Gift cards generally arrive within 15 minutes of ordering. However, sometimes it may take up to 24 hours.

Scheduled email Gift Cards or e-Gift Cards are delivered to the recipient by 5 AM on the scheduled date of the delivery.

If the e-Gift cards have not arrived by the time-lines mentioned above, please:

Check if the recipient's email ID was correctly entered.
Try resending the Gift Card using the *Resend* button in Your Orders, next to your Gift Card order to the same or a different email ID.
Note: The Resend button will not appear if:
The recipient has already added the Gift Card.
The Gift Card is scheduled to deliver at any specific time.
I purchased a 'Share via link' e-Gift Card, how do I send it?
Once the order is complete, you will get an option to Share this Gift Card. Click on the button to share it via email or any messaging platform available on your phone, tablet or computer. You will also receive the same link (Share Via Link) on your email address through which you can share the Gift card link.

Alternatively, you can share the Gift Card through the Your Orders Page:

Go to Your Orders
Select the relevant order
Click Share this Gift Card
Follow the on-screen instructions to proceed. For more information, see here.
I entered the wrong e-mail while purchasing. What should I do now?
Try the following steps:

Go to Your Orders and click on the purchased Gift Card order
Click on the Resend button on the Gift Card order detail page.
Click on the radio button for '*Re-send to a different e-mail address
Enter the correct the e-mail ID of the recipient in the box under 'Enter email address and click on 'Re-send gift card. Your Gift Card will then be sent to the correct recipient.
The recipient will always get a new Claim Code although the Reference ID remains the same.

Note: If the Gift Card has already been added by the current recipient, the Resend option will not be visible on the page and the status will show Redeemed.
How do I use an Amazon Pay Gift Card?
To use your Amazon Gift Card for a purchase on Amazon, select Amazon Pay balance on the payment method selection page.

Note: Gifts & Credits balance cannot be combined with UPI, credit/debit card, net banking, EMI or Pay on Delivery (POD) options.
My Gift Card balance expired. What should I do now?
Kindly keep the 16-digit numeric Gift Card Reference ID starting with '6014' handy and contact us for assistance.


Can I cancel/return a Gift Card?
Due to regulatory restrictions, Gift Cards once purchased cannot be cancelled or returned.

When do Amazon Pay Gift Cards expire?
Type of Gift Cards	Expiry Timelines
e-Gift Cards	12 months from the date of delivery
Scheduled Email Amazon Pay Gift Cards	15 months from the date of delivery
The expiry date of your Gift Card balance can be tracked from Your Transactions. We will also send multiple reminder notifications before the expiry date of your Gift Card balance.

Are there any limitations to purchase a Gift Card?
In a single order, you can buy up to a maximum of 5 Gift Cards or denomination worth ₹10,000. The minimum and maximum denomination that can be purchased per gift card is given below:

Type of Gift Cards	Minimum	Maximum
e-Gift Card (E-mail or Share via link)	₹10	₹10,000
Using a Credit card, the combined amount of [Gift cards + Amazon Vouchers] that can be purchased is as below:

30-days: INR 30,000
60-days: INR 40,000
90-days: INR 50,000
365-days: INR 3,60000
Can I transfer money added under Gift Cards to my account?
As per regulations, money added as Gift Cards cannot be transferred to bank account.

Amazon Pay e-Gift Card
Amazon Pay e-Gift Card is a convenient, instant and perfect gift for every occasion to your loved ones. It can be used to shop across millions of products across Amazon or pay on any of the Amazon Pay partner websites. We offer 1000+ designs covering 30+ occasions. To shop for e-Gift Cards, click here.

How do I add an e-Gift Card to my Amazon account?
There are two modes for receiving e-Gift cards:

E-mail: Gift Card ordered through the email delivery mode will be delivered to the email address entered by the purchaser during the order purchase. You can directly add an e-mail Gift Card from your email by clicking on the Add to my Account button
Shared via link: You can directly add a Gift Card shared via link by clicking on the Add to Account button
You will be asked to login to your Amazon.in account and your Gift Card funds will be automatically added to Your Account.

You can also add the Gift Card to Balance by visiting 'Add Gift Card ' Page on Amazon Pay Dashboard. Enter the 14-digit alpha-numeric code and click on 'Add Gift Card to Balance'

Note: An e-Gift Card (E-mail or Share via link) Code is 14 characters long and contains both letters and numbers (for example AS25-NZ1JX-CZCP5). The Gift Card equivalent value gets added to your Amazon Pay balance. You can track the balance of your Gift Cards here.
A Gift Card Reference ID contains 16 numbers (for example, 6014 8515 3019 3950). It is different from a Gift Card Code and should not be added to the Add Gift Card section.

What is KYC? What are the benefits of completing KYC?
KYC (Know Your Customer) is the mandatory process of identifying and verifying the customers identity when opening an account. Amazon pay balance is RBI regulated pre-paid instrument which mandates completion of FULL KYC within two years of account opening. Customer will not be able to add money into the account post two years, however there is no restriction on using the existing balance.

Once the full KYC is done, the Amazon Pay Wallet limit will be upgraded to 1 Lakh, cashload limit will be upgraded to 50000 per month and there will be no limit the customer can spend through Amazon Pay Wallet. If full KYC is not done, the money in Amazon Pay Wallet account will become inactive post 2 years of account creation. When the account is inactive, the customer will not be able to add money to it but will be able to use existing balance, if any.

How can I complete KYC for Amazon Pay Wallet?
Please follow the steps given here to complete Full KYC for Amazon Pay Wallet.

What are the required documents for KYC?
For Video KYC, PAN card verification followed by Aadhaar OTP verification on your UIDAI registered mobile number is mandatory to initiate KYC process.

Why was my KYC rejected?
Your KYC request may have been rejected because:

The PAN card presented during video call is not clear.
The KYC presented during the video call are incorrect or invalid.
Your video KYC failed due to mismatch between PAN, Aadhaar and details provided on Amazon app or to agent over video call
When will KYC verification be completed and my account be upgraded to Full KYC status?
For Video KYC, it may take between 1-3 hours to complete verification of details provided and upgrade your account.

If there is no update received even after 3 working days, please contact us from amazon.in/contact us

Can I complete KYC from a web browser?
No, currently Amazon Pay Wallet KYC is only supported via the Amazon app.

Video KYC
What do I need to do for initiating Video KYC?
Have following things ready before initiating video call:

You should be in India when initiating video KYC.
You should verify your PAN Card on the Amazon app.
You should present the original PAN Card during the video KYC
Verify your Aadhaar by entering Aadhaar number followed by OTP sent to your mobile number registered with UIDAI.
Ensure that you have a stable internet connection.
Ensure your camera and microphone are working.
Your background during video should be clear and your face should be amply lit and fully visible (Remove any mask or face covering during video call).
Ensure you provide permission for accessing your location, camera and microphone.
Ensure you are not on VPN.
My video KYC was rejected/My connection was interrupted during video call. Can I do it again?
Yes, you can re-initiate Video KYC on the Amazon app after 15 minutes.

I did not get any OTP for Aadhaar verification. How can I proceed?
Please ensure that you have access to the mobile number linked with your Aadhaar in order to get the OTP. In case you have access but are still not getting OTP, we recommend trying other KYC options like in person verification or trying video KYC again later.

Why do I need to provide location access for Video KYC?
According to RBI regulations, you need to be in India while performing Video KYC. Providing location access will help us ensure you are calling us from India. The location is for verification purpose only and will not be shared with anyone.

Can I physically handover the documents?
We have enabled an easy process for you to digitally present the KYC documents during the video call on your Amazon App itself. We do not accept physical copies of your documents.

Why am I getting an error while entering my PAN Card number?
Your PAN card must not be used in any other Amazon account for you to complete Video KYC with us.

What is CKYCR KYC Identification Number (KIN) and how can I view it?
KYC Identification Number (KIN) is a 14-digit number generated by CKYCR, post completion of the central KYC registry processes. If your Amazon Pay Wallet is Full KYC and your KIN is generated by CKYCR, you can view the same on the Amazon App by going to Amazon Pay Home Page -> Scroll down to Manage section -> Click on KYC -> Click on the link "Click here to view KIN".

KIN number will not be available if you have not completed KYC or your KIN is not yet generated by CKYCR. The KIN generation could take up to 10 days post completion of the central KYC registry process.

Note: KIN is only available on Amazon app, and not on desktop.

About Pay on Delivery
Disclaimer: In the event of any discrepancy or conflict, the English version will prevail over the translation.

Pay on Delivery (POD) includes Cash on Delivery (COD) as well as additional digital payment facilities via UPI / QR Code –Scan & Pay.

Pay on Delivery is available as a payment method for all items that are Fulfilled by Amazon, Prime Eligible and some seller fulfilled items.

Pay on Delivery orders can be paid using cash or via Amazon UPI Scan & Pay or using Amazon SMS Pay link. Please ask your Delivery Associate to send you a Pay Link via SMS. Once you receive this link, you will be taken to a page where you can choose to pay via credit/debit card or UPI. You can also request delivery agent to provide a UPI QR code for your order for which you can use Amazon Scan & Pay along with other UPI payment instruments. 

Starting September 19, 2023, we will not be accepting Rs. 2,000 currency notes for Cash on Delivery (COD) orders or Cashloads. This is in accordance with the directions issued by the Reserve Bank of India on May 19, 2023.

In light of enhanced safety measures due to the spread of COVID-19, we have stopped accepting payments by swiping credit/debit cards via mPOS card machine. 

To pay using Amazon SMS Pay link:
You will receive an automated Amazon Pay Link on your mobile number via SMS on the day of delivery. You can also ask your Delivery Associate to generate a new Pay Link SMS to your smartphone that has internet connectivity.
Click on the link in SMS and initiate payment
 Select your payment method (credit/debit cards accepted, and UPI) and complete payment using your credentials.
After posting the successful payment, you'll get a confirmation message.
To pay using UPI QR code, please first ensure you are maintaining 6 feet / 2 meters of social distancing between yourself and the Delivery Associate before proceeding:

Ask your delivery agent to provide a UPI QR code for your shipment from his Amazon Delivery Associate app.
Scan that QR code using Amazon Scan & Pay or any other UPI payment instruments while maintaining safe distance.
Enter your UPI PIN to complete the payment.
After posting the successful payment, you'll get a confirmation message.
We only collect the amount printed on the invoice.

Note:

Pay on Delivery isn't yet available for all pin codes. This is due to limitations of courier services we use.
For more details on the Pay on Delivery limit for a specific order, please visit the product details page.
Pay on Delivery will only be available for some items under Lightning Deals.
Pay on Delivery is available for Signing up for Prime Membership for eligible customers.
If you're using Pay on Delivery as a payment method and your mobile number isn't verified on Amazon, you'll be asked to enter a One-Time password to complete your order. This One-Time password will be sent to your registered mobile number.
Pay on Delivery is not available for exports/international customers

How does Debit EMI work?
Debit EMI is a new EMI method. The bank won't block your card and you don't need the full amount in your account to transact. Your bank will deduct the monthly EMI from your account using the pre-approved overdraft facility.

Currently, Only HDFC, SBI, Axis, ICICI, Federal, and Kotak Mahindra debit cards offer EMI.

To avail EMI, you need to make a minimum purchase of ₹3000 using HDFC, ₹5000 using ICICI, Federal, Axis, and Kotak Mahindra cards, and ₹8000 using SBI.

Click here for debit EMI eligibility and information.

Why no-cost EMI charges interest?
For EMI purchases using credit & debit card, your bank will charge you interest. However, under a no-cost EMI offer, the total interest payable, is already adjusted in the price of the order.

The total payable amount (including interest) will be equal to the product price.

Know more about no cost EMI click here.

How does Down Payment work?
It is a payment option on select products, where you can pay 25% of the product price during purchase and convert the balance into EMI on your credit card.

You will have to pay the down payment and the first EMI in the next billing cycle of your credit card. For example, if you have made a purchase of ₹18000 on 9 months no-cost EMI using Down Payment, then initially your bank will block your credit limit by ₹18000. You will have to pay the one-time Down Payment of ₹4500 (25% of the product price) and the first monthly instalment of ₹1500 in the next billing cycle of your credit card. The blocked amount will come down to ₹12000. You will have to pay the remaining EMI of ₹1500 each for 8 months.

Note: Down Payment option is available only on select credit cards and select products that are equal to or more than ₹4000 and on. Please check the EMI options section on the product detail page to know if the product is eligible for Down Payment.
Why am I not getting EMI option?
Please check your eligibility here:

Debit EMI
Amazon Pay Later
Make sure your order value exceeds the minimum purchase price for the following EMI payment methods:

Credit Card and Zest Money EMI- ₹3000
Down Payment : ₹4000
Debit Card- ₹3000 for HDFC, ₹5000 for ICICI, Federal, Axis, Kotak Mahindra and ₹8000 for SBI
Bajaj Finserv. Ltd- ₹1998
Amazon Pay Later- No minimum purchase for 1 month EMI tenure ₹3000 for 3 months EMI tenure, ₹6000 for 6 months EMI tenure.
Note:
Gift cards, Amazon pay wallet top-up, gold, jewellery, and worldwide store purchases are not eligible for EMI.
EMI option is not available for Exports/International customers.
No-cost EMI is available on select products. Please check the 'Special Offers' section on the product detail page for no cost EMI on debit card/credit card/ Amazon Pay Later/Bajaj Finserv card.

How can I register for Amazon Pay Later?
To know about Amazon Pay Later, registration with Amazon Pay Later and its usage and benefits and issues, go to Amazon Pay Later registration dashboard or visit this page.

Why has my EMI not been processed?
Banks process EMIs within 2-4 days. It will initially deduct the whole money from your credit/debit card and convert the amount (expect down payment) into EMI within 2-4 days.

For revised payments, confirm EMI option and tenure selected. Find details under Your Orders>View Order Details>Payment Information.

How can I close my EMI earlier?
For EMI purchases using credit/debit card purchases: Contact your bank to close your EMI early, subject to foreclosure fees as per their policy.

For Amazon Pay Later: You can pay the complete outstanding balance with your debit card, UPI, or netbanking on the Amazon Pay Later dashboard.

What will happen to EMI if I cancel the order?
If you cancel or return an EMI order purchased using credit cards / debit cards, Amazon will refund the full purchase amount to your original payment method and cancel the EMI r. Any down payment will be refunded within 5-7 business days. You will then need to contact your bank to confirm the cancellation.

For credit cards: Your card issuing bank may charge nominal pre-closure charges in case you've already paid an EMI. For more details on EMI closure, please contact the card issuing bank.

For order placed using Bajaj Finserv Network Card (BFL), we will notify BFL. They will cancel the loan if you haven't paid the first installment. If you've paid instalments, they'll refund the amount to your card and cancel the loan. There are no charges for foreclosure or pre-closure of No Cost EMI with BFL.

For BFL Card: For more details on EMI closure, please contact Bajaj Finserv on Toll number- 086980 10101. Charges are applicable. You can also write to BFL on wecare@bajajfinserv.in

For cancellation on orders placed using Amazon Pay Later, our partner (axio or IDFC) will cancel the loan if no instalments are paid. If you've paid instalments, the money will be refunded to your debit card/UPI/netbanking and the loan will be cancelled. There are no charges for foreclosure or pre-closure of EMI with Amazon Pay Later.

Will I have to pay any extra amount for EMI transaction?
For EMI using credit or debit card, you will be charged a processing fee by the bank (billed with your first EMI.) The processing fee details are -

ICICI Debit Card is ₹99 + GST
ICICI Credit Card is ₹199 + GST
SBI credit card is ₹99 + GST
HDFC credit / debit card is ₹199 + GST
Bajaj Finserv EMI network card is ₹149 + GST
Kotak Debit card - ₹199 + GST

As per the new RBI guidelines, from 30th September 2022 onwards, only card networks (VISA/Mastercard etc.) and/or issuing banks can store credit/debit card details. You will not be able to see saved cards starting 1st October 2022 unless you provide consent to Amazon for card tokenization. To know more about this, visit this page.

On Amazon.in, the following payment methods are available for you to make payment:

Unified Payment Interface (UPI)
Credit/Debit card
Amazon Pay Balance
Amazon Pay Later
Net Banking
Easy Monthly Installments (EMI).
For some orders, you can also choose to pay on delivery.

The details regarding the various payment methods are available here. For any issue regarding processing of payment you can visit here or contact Amazon.in customer support here.

The following cards issued in India can be used:

Credit Cards: Visa, Mastercard, American Express, Diners Club, and RuPay
Debit Cards: Visa, Mastercard, RuPay, and Maestro
We accept all international cards.

Note:
A maximum of 20 debit/credit cards can be added to your Amazon account. To add new credit/debit card details, please remove older credit/debit card credentials and click on save 'Save card as per new RBI guidelines' checkbox to save your new card.
Payment may be split between one of the accepted credit or debit cards and an Amazon Gift Card, but payment can't be split among multiple cards.
Credit or debit cards issued outside India can't be used to pay for Prime membership.
To learn more about adding a debit or credit card to your amazon account, go to the Manage Payment Methods help page.

Payment Issues
Payments made on Amazon.in can sometimes fail or remain in a pending stage. If you are facing this issue, you have the option to revise your payment.

To revise your failed payment for an order, go to

Your Orders
Payments can fail for the following reasons:

You enter incorrect credit or debit card details, e.g. name on the card, card number, CVV, 3D secure PIN and expiry date. In case of an American Express card, your transaction can fail if your billing address PIN code is incorrect.
You provide card details that are no longer valid or need to be updated.
Your bank is going through an outage.
You close or refresh the page or go back to the previous page while the transaction is being processed by your bank.
The connection between Amazon and your bank fails due to some technical issues and the transaction cannot be completed.
Your card may be blocked for online transactions.
You use a card that's not currently accepted on Amazon.in. For more information see Accepted Payment Methods.
Your card is not saved: As per the new RBI guidelines after 30th September, 2022, Amazon will no longer save your credit or debit card details unless you have given explicit consent to do so. Some of your previously saved cards may be deleted from Amazon. Simple steps to fix this are mentioned below:
Add your card details.
Select Save card as per new RBI guidelines checkbox.
Make one successful payment using this card,
By doing this, your card will be saved with Amazon as per new RBI protocols for all future payments.

Note:
If you did not give explicit consent to save your cards as per new RBI guidelines, Amazon will no longer store such cards.
Per the RBI guidelines, you need to provide consent to save each card separately.
The card needs to be saved across every Amazon account by each customer individually.
From September 30, 2022 onwards, one card can be saved as per new guidelines in a maximum of 10 Amazon accounts. If any existing card is saved in more than 10 account onwards will be deleted even if the customer has given consent to save the card.
You may also receive a payment pending message for the following reasons:

Payment confirmation pending:If you paid for your order using net banking, we may be awaiting the payment confirmation from your bank. This can take a few days. For an immediate status, contact your bank.
Problem in contacting your bank or credit card:We may be unable to contact your bank or card issuer which can cause delay. If so, you'll receive an email from us.
Incomplete payment:If your initial payment attempt was unsuccessful, your payment might stay in pending stage. In such cases, try to revise the payment when you receive an email from us, so that we can process your order immediately. Once the mentioned timeline has passed, the order will be auto cancelled.
Note:
If your payment is still processing, you'll see "We haven't received payment confirmation from your bank or credit card yet". In such cases, don't attempt paying a second time unless you're sure that your payment failed. If you accidentally pay twice, we'll refund your extra payment within a few days.
Per the latest RBI update, customers who have never used their credit or debit cards for an online transaction (on Amazon or any other online merchant) previously or whose cards were issued on or after March 16, 2020, are required to contact their respective banks and get their credit or debit card activated for online transactions.

Retry a Declined Payment
To protect your security and privacy, your bank can't provide Amazon with information about why your payment was declined. Contact your bank directly to solve these payment issues. 

Need to retry payment on an order?- English
Need to retry payment on an order?- English
Need to retry payment on an order?- Hindi
Need to retry payment on an order?- Hindi
To retry a declined payment, go to Your Orders

Your Orders
Useful Links

Payment Issues
UPI – Transaction Failing
Cancel Orders or Items
Popular Topics

Ordering with Amazon - FAQ
Damaged, Defective or Wrong Product - FAQ
A-to-z Guarantee
Return Pick up and Self Ship Guidelines
About Refunds
Amazon.in Returns Policy
Amazon.in Replacement Policy
Amazon.in Refund Policy
Check the status of refund. Your payment might have been declined due to incorrect information entered such as wrong credit/ debit card number, expiration date, CVV, billing address, and phone number. To determine why your payment was declined, visit Payment Issues. If necessary, contact your bank for more information:

To retry a declined or failed payment:

Please wait for 15 minutes for the revised payment option to appear.

Go to Your Orders.
Try one of the following:
Retry with your current payment method by selecting Retry Payment Method next to the order. In the revise payment workflow, you will not be able to use UPI again. If you wish to use UPI again, you can cancel the current order and place a new one
Try with a different payment method:
Select Change Payment Method next to the order.
Select another payment method from your account or add a new card number and select Confirm.

Accepted Payment Methods

As per the new RBI guidelines, from 30th September 2022 onwards, only card networks (VISA/Mastercard etc.) and/or issuing banks can store credit/debit card details. You will not be able to see saved cards starting 1st October 2022 unless you provide consent to Amazon for card tokenization. To know more about this, visit this page.

On Amazon.in, the following payment methods are available for you to make payment:

Unified Payment Interface (UPI)
Credit/Debit card
Amazon Pay Balance
Amazon Pay Later
Net Banking
Easy Monthly Installments (EMI).
For some orders, you can also choose to pay on delivery.

The details regarding the various payment methods are available here. For any issue regarding processing of payment you can visit here or contact Amazon.in customer support here.

The following cards issued in India can be used:

Credit Cards: Visa, Mastercard, American Express, Diners Club, and RuPay
Debit Cards: Visa, Mastercard, RuPay, and Maestro
We accept all international cards.

Note:
A maximum of 20 debit/credit cards can be added to your Amazon account. To add new credit/debit card details, please remove older credit/debit card credentials and click on save 'Save card as per new RBI guidelines' checkbox to save your new card.
Payment may be split between one of the accepted credit or debit cards and an Amazon Gift Card, but payment can't be split among multiple cards.
Credit or debit cards issued outside India can't be used to pay for Prime membership.
To learn more about adding a debit or credit card to your amazon account, go to the Manage Payment Methods help page.

UPI Transaction issues

Note: UPI is currently available in Amazon.in app and other third party apps/websites that support UPI. You cannot pay with it on Amazon mobile browser and Amazon desktop browser.
Sometimes your UPI transaction could fail due to:

Incorrect UPI ID: Check the UPI ID from the app you have registered for UPI and try again. UPI ID will be of the format XYZ@ABC
Transaction expired: Sometimes the payment may fail due to time out issues or server issues. Please wait for 15 minutes for the revise payment option to appear on your order. You will receive an option to retry your payment on your order with a different payment method. If you'd like to use Amazon Pay UPI again, place a new order.
If your bank has declined the transaction. This may happen when you:
Attempt to send more than Rs.1,00,000 or do more than 10 Scan + Send money transactions within 24 hours.
Attempt to do more than 20 Scan + Send money transactions of Rs.10 or less within 30 days.
Attempt to do more than 100 Scan + Send money transactions within a month.
Enter incorrect receiver details.
Have insufficient balance.
Note: Different banks have different transaction limits. For more details, please reach out to your respective banks.



If your Amazon Pay UPI transaction shows Pending:

Sometimes it may take up to 48 hours for the transaction to be successful from the time you initiated it. Please wait up to 48 hours for your transaction to be successful.

If it is more than 48 hours, please raise a complaint to the bank through the Raise a Complaint feature available under the transaction that is in issue. You can find your transaction under UPI tab in the View Statement option (ONLY on Amazon.in app). Once the bank resolves the complaint, the resolution/information provided by the bank will be visible here. Please get in touch with your bank for more details.

For more information related to UPI, see this.

To know more about Payment methods, click here. For more information on Payment Issues, click here.

Payment Issues
Payments made on Amazon.in can sometimes fail or remain in a pending stage. If you are facing this issue, you have the option to revise your payment.

Payments can fail for the following reasons:

You enter incorrect credit or debit card details, e.g. name on the card, card number, CVV, 3D secure PIN and expiry date. In case of an American Express card, your transaction can fail if your billing address PIN code is incorrect.
You provide card details that are no longer valid or need to be updated.
Your bank is going through an outage.
You close or refresh the page or go back to the previous page while the transaction is being processed by your bank.
The connection between Amazon and your bank fails due to some technical issues and the transaction cannot be completed.
Your card may be blocked for online transactions.
You use a card that's not currently accepted on Amazon.in. For more information see Accepted Payment Methods.
Your card is not saved: As per the new RBI guidelines after 30th September, 2022, Amazon will no longer save your credit or debit card details unless you have given explicit consent to do so. Some of your previously saved cards may be deleted from Amazon. Simple steps to fix this are mentioned below:
Add your card details.
Select Save card as per new RBI guidelines checkbox.
Make one successful payment using this card,
By doing this, your card will be saved with Amazon as per new RBI protocols for all future payments.

Note:
If you did not give explicit consent to save your cards as per new RBI guidelines, Amazon will no longer store such cards.
Per the RBI guidelines, you need to provide consent to save each card separately.
The card needs to be saved across every Amazon account by each customer individually.
From September 30, 2022 onwards, one card can be saved as per new guidelines in a maximum of 10 Amazon accounts. If any existing card is saved in more than 10 account onwards will be deleted even if the customer has given consent to save the card.
You may also receive a payment pending message for the following reasons:

Payment confirmation pending:If you paid for your order using net banking, we may be awaiting the payment confirmation from your bank. This can take a few days. For an immediate status, contact your bank.
Problem in contacting your bank or credit card:We may be unable to contact your bank or card issuer which can cause delay. If so, you'll receive an email from us.
Incomplete payment:If your initial payment attempt was unsuccessful, your payment might stay in pending stage. In such cases, try to revise the payment when you receive an email from us, so that we can process your order immediately. Once the mentioned timeline has passed, the order will be auto cancelled.
Note:
If your payment is still processing, you'll see "We haven't received payment confirmation from your bank or credit card yet". In such cases, don't attempt paying a second time unless you're sure that your payment failed. If you accidentally pay twice, we'll refund your extra payment within a few days.
Per the latest RBI update, customers who have never used their credit or debit cards for an online transaction (on Amazon or any other online merchant) previously or whose cards were issued on or after March 16, 2020, are required to contact their respective banks and get their credit or debit card activated for online transactions.


How does the Amazon Pay Later repayment work?
Amazon Pay Later repayment can happen in two ways: (i) Auto repayment: which is a one-time setup during registration, or at the time of first purchase using Amazon Pay Later or from Amazon Pay Later dashboard. (ii) Manual repayment function from Amazon Pay Later dashboard for manual repayment of the installments or full outstanding balance through debit card, UPI or net-banking of any bank.

For setting up auto repayment, you are redirected to your bank page where you can complete it by Net banking or debit card-based authentication. Once this is set, the due amount will be automatically deducted from your linked bank account/debit card, thus making repayments hassle-free.

Your bank might charge one-time mandate setup charge. Please read details on your bank page carefully.

Note: Repayment of pay later credit dues is not allowed with another credit(Credit Card or Loans)
Rupay credit cards are not supported for auto repayment setup.

Will I get any reminder notification for EMI payments?
Yes, you will be notified about upcoming payments via SMS and/or Email, 3-4 days before the due date so that you can keep the bank account well-funded for the repayments.

Do I have to make multiple payments if I have placed more than one orders using Amazon Pay Later?
We will club monthly installments across all your purchases made using Amazon Pay Later into one total EMI amount.

When is my Amazon Pay Later repayment due?
For axio customers, purchases made using Amazon Pay Later between 1st and end of the month will have the due amount calculated on the 1st day of the subsequent calendar month and will be payable by the 5th day of the same calendar month.

For example: If your lending partner is axio and you've made a transaction using Amazon Pay Later between June 1st to June 30th, your due amount will be calculated on 1st of July and the due date / first EMI date will be on 5th of July.

For IDFC customers, purchases made between 1st and 15th of the month will have a due date / first EMI date on the 5th day of the next month and for any purchase between 16th and till the end of the month, the due date / first EMI date will be the 5th day of the month next to the subsequent one.

For example: If your lending partner is IDFC and you've made a transaction using Amazon Pay Later on June 14th , the first EMI will be due on 5th of July. And, if you've made a transaction using Amazon Pay Later on June 18th, the first EMI will be due on 5th of August (month next to the subsequent one).

Will I incur any late payment fees/penalties for delayed payments?
If you miss your payments on due date, we request you to manually pay it as soon as possible. Lender may charge a late fee if dues are not repaid by due date (5th of the next calendar month). Please refer to the Key Fact Statement prior to transaction or Sanction Letter post transaction for exact details on late fee charges applicable on your loan.

Late Payment Fee for IDFC: 3% of unpaid due amount + GST of 18% on late fee.

This will be levied on 11th of the month, while due date is 5th of the month.

Below is an illustrative table of Late Payment Fee for Axio:

This will be levied on 7th of the month, while due date is 5th of the month.

Monthly due amount (INR)	Late payment fee (INR)
<= Rs 200	0
>200 <= Rs 1,000	125
>1,000 but <=5,000	250
>5,000 but <=20,000	425
>Rs 20,000	600
Why is axio / IDFC FIRST Bank being shown in my bank statement or during auto-repayment setup?
We have partnered with axio / IDFC FIRST Bank to provide Amazon Pay Later facility. The monthly installment payments due/paid for your purchases using Amazon Pay Later limit are credited to the account of axio / IDFC FIRST Bank.

What happens in case my auto-repayment setup fails while making first purchase using limit of Amazon Pay Later?
Your purchase transaction will be declined. You will have to retry the payment from "Your Orders" page for that order.

Can I repay my partial outstanding amount?
Yes, you can pay upcoming due & total outstanding amount using the Amazon Pay Later dashboard without any additional charges.

What happens if my debit card/bank doesn't have sufficient funds at the time of auto-deduction of funds towards EMI repayments?
In such a case, we will notify you through email and/or SMS about repayment rejection from bank and details on how to manually complete the payment to avoid any late payment fees/penalties that our lending partner may impose.

Please note that your Amazon Pay Later account can be blocked after few days post the due date if the installment payment is not received and will only be unblocked once the due payments are complete.

Can I change the auto repayment settings after registering for Amazon Pay Later?
Yes, you can update your bank account for auto-repayment setup from Amazon Pay Later Dashboard.

Can I change my repayment date?
No, repayment dates cannot be changed. Please contact your lender for more details.

What happens if I don't pay my EMI on time?
It is very important to pay your EMI on time in order to avoid late payment charges, maintain a good credit rating, to prevent suspension of Amazon Pay Later facility, further actions on your Amazon account and avoid any legal action.

Please maintain adequate balance in your account around the repayment date. Not paying your EMI on time could result in a negative impact to your CIBIL score and all other bureau scores.

What should I do in case wrong amount got deducted from my bank or money got debited even after I've made a manual payment?
In all such cases, the excess funds deducted will be credited back to the respective bank account from 'axio / IDFC FIRST Bank (our lending partner)' in 5 business days.

What is cooling off period mentioned in the Key Fact Statement (KFS)?
A borrower shall be given an explicit option to exit digital loan by paying the principal and the proportionate Annual Percentage Rate (APR) i.e., effective interest rate of loan without any penalty during this period. The cooling off period shall be determined by the Board of the Regulated Entity i.e. your lender. For borrowers continuing with the loan even after cooling off period, pre-payment shall continue to be allowed as per extant RBI guidelines. Please refer to the Key Fact Statement prior to transaction or Sanction Letter post transaction for the applicable Cooling off period for your loan.

When I return an order purchased using Amazon Pay Later, what amount will be refunded?
If the Amazon Pay cashback is already credited to your account, on returning the item, the amount of refund processed will be the Total Order Value minus the Cashback Value added in your account. This essentially means that you received the refund in two parts (i) Cashback value in Amazon Pay Balance: Gift Cards (ii) and remaining value as deduction in utilized limit of Amazon Pay Later

In this case, since full amount is not refunded from your Amazon Pay Later limit, the differential value (which is the value of your cashback) is still utilized from your Amazon Pay Later, for which you have to pay EMI payments. We will convert this remaining value in the EMI plan of same tenure (as that of your order). EMIs will definitely be lower as total amount to be paid is lesser.

This new EMI plan (pertaining to cashback value) will be reflected in your Amazon Pay Later Dashboard in "Total Outstanding Amount payable" & "Utilized Limit".

For example:

Total Order Value (T)	Rs.10000
Amazon Pay Later limit utilized	Rs.10000
Original EMI Tenure selected	6 months
Cashback value (C)	Rs.1000
Refund value (T-C)	Rs.9000
Total Order Value (T)	Rs.10000
Amazon Pay Later limit utilized	Rs.10000
Original EMI Tenure selected	6 months
Cashback value (C)	Rs.1000
Refund value (T-C)	Rs.9000
Here, Rs.1000, i.e. the cashback amount deducted from your refund will be converted into an EMI plan for 6 months tenure in your account.

Important Notes:

If you've placed only one order using Amazon Pay Later and had to return it, you can pre-pay the total value of cashback plus accrued interest from Amazon Pay Later dashboard-> Make Payment-> Pay Total outstanding.
If you've placed more than one orders using Amazon Pay Later and returned one of them on which you got cashback, you will not be able to pre-pay only the total value of cashback plus accrued interest. If you want, you can pay the total outstanding value of all orders plus cashback plus accrued interest from Amazon Pay Later dashboard-> Make Payment-> Pay Total outstanding.



Can I cancel the order placed using Amazon Pay Later?
Yes. Just like any other order on Amazon, you can cancel or request cancellation any time before the delivery of the order.

Do you charge any cancellation/return fee for Amazon Pay Later?
No. There is no Amazon Pay Later specific cancellation fee in case you return or cancel the order purchased using Amazon Pay Later.

How can I revoke the consent given for use of my data for my Amazon Pay Later account?
Revoking consent given for use of your data will result in the closure of your Amazon Pay Later account. Only if there are no outstanding dues, we will be able to process account closure requests. If all the dues are clear, please call our customer service team or reach out to our lending partner's customer service to request account closure.


1. How can I cancel my Amazon Pay Later account?

Note: Once your account is closed, you cannot reactivate it through your mobile app or mobile web.
To cancel your Amazon Pay Later account, you'll have to ensure that all the outstanding dues are cleared. Only if there are no outstanding dues, we will be able to process account cancellation requests. If all the dues are clear, please submit your account closure request visiting this link using your Amazon app and selecting 'Talk to us'> Under Tasks unrelated to order -> 'Amazon Pay' > 'Amazon Pay Later'. For Amazon Pay Later terms and conditions, please visit here.

For Amazon Pay Later terms and conditions, please visit here.

2. Why is my Amazon Pay Later account blocked?

Your Amazon Pay Later account can be blocked due to multiple reasons:

Your KYC has expired
You have overdue payments or your repayment was post 30 days past due date
Due to internal Amazon policies
Due to our lending partner's internal policies
Due to breach of Amazon Pay Later Terms & Conditions
3. What can I do to unblock the account?

If Your Account is blocked due to expiry of KYC, we will provide details of the process to complete Full KYC and extend validity. If it's blocked due to breach of Amazon's or partner's policies or Amazon Pay Later T&Cs, we will re-evaluate your profile on a periodic basis and notify you about reinstatement of your account.

For IDFC, if PAN is not linked with Aadhar, PAN is rendered in-operative and the account is blocked. We activate the account again once the PAN is linked with Aadhar.

Auto Reload Amazon Pay Wallet Recurring Payments - Terms & Conditions


Disclaimer: In the event of any discrepancy or conflict, the English version will prevail over the translation.

Welcome to the terms and conditions ("Terms") applicable to Recurring Payments for Amazon Pay Wallet ("Amazon Pay Wallet"). These Terms are between you and Amazon Pay (India) Private Limited ("Amazon", "We" or "Us") and/or its affiliates. These Terms govern our respective rights and obligations in relation to recurring payment services offered by us on Amazon Pay to Auto Reload of Amazon Pay Wallet. 

Please note that your use of  Amazon Pay Wallet is also governed by the agreements listed and linked below, as well as all other applicable terms, conditions, limitations, and requirements on the Amazon.in website, which (as changed over time) are incorporated into these Terms.

APIPL privacy notice

Amazon Pay Wallet - Terms and Conditions
Recurring Payments

Amazon may make available an option to you to automatically load Amazon Pay Wallet ("Auto Reload") associated with your Amazon.in account by making payments on a recurring basis ("Recurring Payments"). By enabling Recurring Payments, you opt to Auto Reload your Amazon Pay Wallet.

Amazon or its affiliates may, at any time, without any notice to you, discontinue. Auto Reload. 

You may choose, but will not be bound, to avail Recurring Payments for Auto Reload of your Amazon Pay Wallet. In the event you opt for Auto Reload, you agree to be bound by these Terms in addition to the terms and conditions applicable to your Amazon Pay Wallet.

In case you opt to avail Auto Reload, you will be required to choose: (a) the amount in your Amazon Pay Wallet at which you wish to automatically load your Amazon Pay Wallet (such amount, "Auto Reload Limit"), (b) the amount you wish to load / add (such amount, "Auto Reload Amount"). You can change the Auto Reload Limit and Auto Reload Amount at any time by cancelling your previous Auto Reload instructions and setting up a new one.

Eligible Payment Methods 

You can opt for Auto Reload only in the event a payment method registered with your Amazon Pay Wallet and selected by you for the purpose of Recurring Payments is current, valid and acceptable to Amazon. The Auto Reload can only be enabled via Amazon Pay UPI ( hereinafter referred to as "Payment Method).

We reserve the right to decide the Payment Method eligible for Auto Reload. We may also choose to extend the Recurring Payments to selected Payment Methods / products offered by banks. In other words, our recognition of a specific Payment Method / product offered by a particular bank would not imply our recognition of other payment methods / products offered by such bank.

You may change your Payment Method for Recurring Payments at any time, provided such Payment Method is eligible for Recurring Payments. However, in case of such change, to activate Recurring Payments through such new Payment Method, you will need to enable Recurring Payments on that Payment Method.

You are solely responsible for the accuracy of the information of the Payment Method provided by you, including UPI limits.

Enable Recurring Payments 

You can enable Recurring Payments at any time you load your Amazon Pay Wallet.

If you select the Recurring Payments option, your Amazon Pay Wallet will Auto Reload each time your Amazon Pay Wallet reaches or falls below the Auto Reload Limit. You will be charged automatically for the Auto Reload Amount, through the Payment Method registered with your Amazon.in account and selected by you for Recurring Payments.

At the time of setting up of Auto Reload, a token amount will be charged post second factor authentication on the Payment Method proposed to be used by you (for Recurring Payments), for verification / authentication purposes. A token amount will .also be charged on your selected Payment Method in case of any change in the Payment Method proposed to be used by you, for verification / authentication purposes, or in other cases if the verification / authentication is deemed necessary by us. Once the verification / authentication is successful, Recurring Payments will be enabled for Auto Reload of your Amazon Pay Wallet and the token amount charged will be added to your Amazon Pay Wallet without second factor authentication.

You agree, understand and acknowledge that Amazon may engage third party payment processors / gateway service providers to facilitate processing of Recurring Payments, including sending of SMS Push Notifications. Accordingly, you may be required to follow any terms and conditions of such third party payment processors / gateway service providers, as communicated to you, from time to time.

Auto Reload (without second factor authentication)

Your Amazon Pay Wallet will Auto Reload with the Auto Reload Amount, upon payment being charged to your Payment Method.

Once Recurring Payments for Auto Reload has been enabled, you authorize us to charge the Auto Reload Amount, unless you cancel or disable Recurring Payments, by means specified by us, in which case your Amazon Pay Wallet will not Auto Reload.

Disable / Cancel Recurring Payments 

You may cancel or disable Auto Reload in the settings / preferences of Amazon Pay Wallet or your Issuer Bank

In the event: (a) you cancel or disable Auto Reload of Amazon Pay Wallet; or (b) one of your Recurring Payments is declined, for any reason whatsoever, the Auto Reload Amount will not be added to the Amazon Pay Wallet, once the same reaches the Auto Reload Limit. In such scenarios, you may separately load your Amazon Pay Wallet.

Notification and Communication 

We and our affiliates will notify you, through email, SMS or Push Notifications once your Amazon Pay Wallet reaches or falls below the Auto Reload Limit, 24 hours before the Auto Reload transaction. You authorize us to communicate with you through emails or SMS in connection with Recurring Payments. You acknowledge that we may also communicate with you through any of our affiliate(s).

Disclaimer of Liability 

You agree that we will not be liable for any losses or damages suffered by you on account of your use of Recurring Payments for Auto Reload, including as a result of any fraud in connection with any payment towards Auto Reload using your Payment Method.

Customer Grievance Redressal Policy for Amazon Pay Wallet

Disclaimer: In the event of any discrepancy or conflict, the English version will prevail over the translation.
Amazon aims at becoming the earth's most customer centric company and hence we believe in providing the best experience to our customers. However, if you do feel we can improve our service pertaining to Amazon Pay, you can contact us through the below mentioned touch points and we will be glad to assist you.

We recommend you go through our help pages from here that aim at providing self-help to our customers.

If you would like to speak to us, please feel free to call 1800-1200-1571 (Applicable only when calling from within India).

For queries related to areas other than Amazon Pay, you can contact the Amazon customer service team here.

Level 1: Customer Support (Queries & Complaints)

You can contact our 24x7 customer service team via https://www.amazon.in/contact-us which provides online resolution to your queries / complaints across channels including chat. You can also request for a call back for your query and we would be happy to reach out. The team will address your concern / query within 7 business days from receipt.

Level 2: Customer Service Escalation (Queries & Complaints)

If your concern/query is not addressed within the promised timeline or you are dissatisfied with the response from Level 1, you can reach out to our escalation desk via email at amazonpay-escalation@amazonpay.in. We will respond to you within 5 business days from receipt of your email.

Level 3: Grievance Officer (Complaints)

If your complaint remains unresolved or you are dissatisfied with the response from Level 2, you can escalate to our Grievance Officer, Ms. Ankita Singh, at amazonpay-grievance-officer@amazonpay.in with the details of your interaction with the Customer service escalation team. We will respond within 3 business days from the date of receipt of your email.

Level 4: Nodal Officer (Complaints)

In the unlikely event that your issue remains unresolved to your satisfaction despite escalating to our Grievance Officer, you can reach out to our Nodal Officer - Mahavir Jindal via email at amazonpay-nodal-officer@amazonpay.in. We will respond within 3 business days from the date of receipt of your email.

The Reserve Bank - Integrated Ombudsman Scheme, 2021
In case you have not received a reply within 30 days of filing your complaint with us or if you are not satisfied with the reply, please feel free to reach out to the Ombudsman as per The Reserve Bank - Integrated Ombudsman Scheme, 2021 issued by the Reserve bank of India. A copy of the scheme as posted on the RBI website can be found here, which also specifies the grounds on which such complaint can be filed. The salient features of the scheme also are available here. The complaints under the Scheme made online shall be registered on the portal (https://cms.rbi.org.in), or through electronic or physical mode to the Centralized Receipt and Processing Centre notified by RBI.

Reporting Unauthorized Transactions on Amazon Pay
To report unauthorized transactions that have taken place on Amazon Pay, you can reach out to our helpline number 180012001637. Post evaluation, if the transaction is found to be unauthorized, we (Amazon Pay (India) Private Limited) will take necessary steps to prevent further unauthorized transactions and endeavor to credit the amount to the source instrument within a reasonable timeframe from the date of notification from you. Further, APIPL may also request for additional documents including your KYC details and a valid police complaint for authentication of validity of the claim.

To know more about Reporting unauthorized transactions and customer liability for Amazon Pay balance: Money click here.
To learn about how to avoid payment scams and to ensure Safe online shopping, please refer to Stay Safe with Amazon Pay.

Customers can also report cybercrime complaints on the National Cybercrime Reporting Portal (NCRP) by submitting the complaints online via https://www.cybercrime.gov.in/Webform/Crime_AuthoLogin.aspx or contacting the NCRP helpline number 1930.

Compensation Policy
In accordance with RBI's guidelines on Harmonisation of Turn Around Time (TAT) and customer compensation for failed transactions using authorised Payment Systems dated September 20, 2019, we (Amazon Pay (India) Private Limited will compensate customers in the event it is not able to meet the stated timelines in respect of refund of failed payment transactions initiated from Amazon Pay. All such compensation will be provided in the form and manner as may be decided by APIPL from time to time.

Once we receive your return or the seller notifies us of receipt of return, as the case may be, a refund is issued to the original payment method (in case of pre-paid transactions) or to your bank account / as Amazon Pay balance (in case of Pay on Delivery orders).

Refund Timelines:

The refund time period for different modes of payments is provided below.

Available refund method	Refund Time-frame
FBA orders (After the return is received by Amazon)	Seller-Fulfilled orders (After seller notifies Amazon of receipt of return)
Prepaid Orders
Amazon Pay Balance*	Up to 4 hours
Credit Card/ Debit Card	Up to 5 Working Days	Up to 5 Working Days
Net Banking Account (Credited to Bank Account)
UPI Linked Bank Account	Up to 5 Working Days
Pay on Delivery Orders
NEFT to Bank Account	Up to 5 Working Days	Up to 5 Working Days
Amazon Pay Balance*	Up to 4 hours
Paper Cheque	Up to 10 Working Days


*Amazon Pay balance is a sum of all balances associated with Amazon Gift Cards in your Amazon.in account. Amazon Gift Cards are issued by Pine labs Private Limited under the brand name of Qwikcilver and are subject to the Amazon Gift Card Terms and Conditions.

If the standard time-frame as mentioned in the above table has expired and you have still not received the refund, please contact your credit or debit card issuer or your bank for more information. Refunds will not be processed in cash. Refunds can be processed via paper cheque only in exceptional cases.

If Credit/Debit card that was used to place the order is no longer active or is expired, please contact us for assistance.

Note: International customers would need to reach out to our Customer Service team to get refunds for their purchase. The refund would be made to the original payment method/instrument used to make the initial purchase.
For Seller-Fulfilled orders:

For damaged/ defective items, the seller will issue a refund if the item cannot be repaired or replaced.
In any case where a refund is required, the seller(s) need to authorise that refund. Amazon.in can assist in facilitating refunds for you only when the seller notifies us of the receipt of the item. Once the seller notifies us of the receipt of the return item, the above refund time period will apply for processing refunds.
Refund for Pay on Delivery Orders:
For Pay on Delivery orders, refunds will be processed either to your bank account (via National Electronic Funds Transfer (NEFT)) or Amazon account (as Amazon Pay balance).

 If you wish to receive the Pay on Delivery order's refund to your bank account, you can update the details of the bank account from the Returns Centre when you are returning an item.

To add your bank account through mobile app, go to Orders > Click on the order you want to return > Select Return or Replace items option > Select Refund to your bank account > Select Choose a bank account > Select Add a new bank account, and enter your bank account details.
To add your bank account through website, to Orders > Click on the order you want to return > Select go to Return or Replacement items option > Select Refund to your bank account > Select Choose a bank account > Select Add a new bank account, and enter your bank account details.
Note: Refunds cannot be processed to third-party accounts. The name on your Amazon account should match with the name of the bank account holder.
Paper cheque clearing
All cheque refunds will be in form of "at par" Deutsche Bank cheques. All Deutsche Bank cheques are cleared locally in the following cities:

Ahmedabad	Delhi	Ludhiana	Pune
Aurangabad	Gurgaon	Moradabad	Salem
Bangalore	Kolhapur	Mumbai	Surat
Chennai	Kolkata	Noida	Vellore


If you plan to present the cheque in person in any other city, ensure that your beneficiary bank sends the cheque for outstation clearing.

In case you plan to drop your cheque in a clearance box, please note the following:

If you are dropping the cheque in a clearance box in any of the above cities, use the box marked Local Cheques.
If you are dropping the cheque in a clearance box in any other city, use the box marked Outstation Cheques.
Failing to follow the above instructions might result in the cheque not being processed and a penalty being levied by the bank.

Note: Once a cheque is issued, Amazon will send you an e-mail with the tracking details of the refund cheque within 4 business days from the date of refund.
Shipping Cost Refunds
For Fulfilled by Amazon and Prime Eligible items, return shipping costs of upto Rs. 100 will be refunded. The cost of gift-wrapping will also be refunded, if any. All such refunds will be issued through cheques.
Note: If you incur return shipping charges over Rs.100 for returning large and heavy items, you can contact us for an additional refund. For refund of such additional charges, proof of payment, like a courier receipt needs to be submitted.

If you're returning a Seller-Fulfilled item, you can request the seller to reimburse the return shipping charges you incurred. In such cases, a seller might ask you to provide the courier receipt.


Note: The seller will not refund the shipping cost incurred in case of remorse returns.

Once we receive your return or the seller notifies us of receipt of return, as the case may be, a refund is issued to the original payment method (in case of pre-paid transactions) or to your bank account / as Amazon Pay balance (in case of Pay on Delivery orders).

Refund Timelines:

The refund time period for different modes of payments is provided below.

Available refund method	Refund Time-frame
FBA orders (After the return is received by Amazon)	Seller-Fulfilled orders (After seller notifies Amazon of receipt of return)
Prepaid Orders
Amazon Pay Balance*	Up to 4 hours
Credit Card/ Debit Card	Up to 5 Working Days	Up to 5 Working Days
Net Banking Account (Credited to Bank Account)
UPI Linked Bank Account	Up to 5 Working Days
Pay on Delivery Orders
NEFT to Bank Account	Up to 5 Working Days	Up to 5 Working Days
Amazon Pay Balance*	Up to 4 hours
Paper Cheque	Up to 10 Working Days


*Amazon Pay balance is a sum of all balances associated with Amazon Gift Cards in your Amazon.in account. Amazon Gift Cards are issued by Pine labs Private Limited under the brand name of Qwikcilver and are subject to the Amazon Gift Card Terms and Conditions.

If the standard time-frame as mentioned in the above table has expired and you have still not received the refund, please contact your credit or debit card issuer or your bank for more information. Refunds will not be processed in cash. Refunds can be processed via paper cheque only in exceptional cases.

If Credit/Debit card that was used to place the order is no longer active or is expired, please contact us for assistance.

Note: International customers would need to reach out to our Customer Service team to get refunds for their purchase. The refund would be made to the original payment method/instrument used to make the initial purchase.
For Seller-Fulfilled orders:

For damaged/ defective items, the seller will issue a refund if the item cannot be repaired or replaced.
In any case where a refund is required, the seller(s) need to authorise that refund. Amazon.in can assist in facilitating refunds for you only when the seller notifies us of the receipt of the item. Once the seller notifies us of the receipt of the return item, the above refund time period will apply for processing refunds.
Refund for Pay on Delivery Orders:
For Pay on Delivery orders, refunds will be processed either to your bank account (via National Electronic Funds Transfer (NEFT)) or Amazon account (as Amazon Pay balance).

 If you wish to receive the Pay on Delivery order's refund to your bank account, you can update the details of the bank account from the Returns Centre when you are returning an item.

To add your bank account through mobile app, go to Orders > Click on the order you want to return > Select Return or Replace items option > Select Refund to your bank account > Select Choose a bank account > Select Add a new bank account, and enter your bank account details.
To add your bank account through website, to Orders > Click on the order you want to return > Select go to Return or Replacement items option > Select Refund to your bank account > Select Choose a bank account > Select Add a new bank account, and enter your bank account details.
Note: Refunds cannot be processed to third-party accounts. The name on your Amazon account should match with the name of the bank account holder.
Paper cheque clearing
All cheque refunds will be in form of "at par" Deutsche Bank cheques. All Deutsche Bank cheques are cleared locally in the following cities:

Ahmedabad	Delhi	Ludhiana	Pune
Aurangabad	Gurgaon	Moradabad	Salem
Bangalore	Kolhapur	Mumbai	Surat
Chennai	Kolkata	Noida	Vellore


If you plan to present the cheque in person in any other city, ensure that your beneficiary bank sends the cheque for outstation clearing.

In case you plan to drop your cheque in a clearance box, please note the following:

If you are dropping the cheque in a clearance box in any of the above cities, use the box marked Local Cheques.
If you are dropping the cheque in a clearance box in any other city, use the box marked Outstation Cheques.
Failing to follow the above instructions might result in the cheque not being processed and a penalty being levied by the bank.

Note: Once a cheque is issued, Amazon will send you an e-mail with the tracking details of the refund cheque within 4 business days from the date of refund.
Shipping Cost Refunds
For Fulfilled by Amazon and Prime Eligible items, return shipping costs of upto Rs. 100 will be refunded. The cost of gift-wrapping will also be refunded, if any. All such refunds will be issued through cheques.
Note: If you incur return shipping charges over Rs.100 for returning large and heavy items, you can contact us for an additional refund. For refund of such additional charges, proof of payment, like a courier receipt needs to be submitted.

If you're returning a Seller-Fulfilled item, you can request the seller to reimburse the return shipping charges you incurred. In such cases, a seller might ask you to provide the courier receipt.


Note: The seller will not refund the shipping cost incurred in case of remorse returns.

What are Amazon Pay rewards? How is it different from cashback?
Rewards are additional offers provided to customers while placing an order. To utilize the Rewards' promotion, you will need to collect the Reward from your Rewards Page . Rewards are earned based on shopping, bills & other payments, gift card, food, travel and entertainment purchases. By selecting the Reward, you can view the details and steps to redeem the offer. Note: Rewards and Coupons are subject to change, refer to the individual Terms and Conditions for more information.

To know more about the Terms and Conditions of Amazon Pay, click here. You can also find more answers to the frequently asked questions about Amazon Pay Wallet here.

How to avail an Amazon Pay cashback offer?
Amazon Pay cashback offer is mentioned in the Special Offers widget on the product details page. You need to meet the eligibility criteria as described in the offer message and as per the terms and conditions of the offer to get the cashback. The cashback is credited to your Amazon Pay balance via an Amazon Gift Card (issued by QwikCilver Solutions Private Limited).

Please note: Amazon Pay Cashback only applies to prepaid orders.

When will the cashback be credited as Amazon Pay balance?
Amazon Pay balance will be added directly to eligible customers' accounts within 72 hours after the shipment of the product. Note: If your order is dispatched in multiple shipments, the cashback will be credited proportionately. For example, you buy 2 items: Item A at ₹ 600 and item B at ₹ 400. If your order is eligible for Amazon Pay balance cashback for ₹ 100 and the items get shipped separately, you will receive the reward in two installments. ₹ 60 for item A and ₹ 40 for item B.

Click here to view Amazon Pay balance.

Where can I see if I have got the cashback in Amazon Pay balance?
Go to Amazon.in account > Balance Statement at https://www.amazon.in/gp/payment/statement. Please note: The account that gets the credit will be the same account that purchased the product, and this cannot be transferred or exchanged.

When can I use Amazon Pay cashback?
Amazon Pay balance cashback can be utilized when it is credited.

Is there any limit to the number of cashbacks I can get?
Amazon Pay cashback has no limit. Cashback in Amazon Pay balance is only available on certain purchases and subject to each offer's conditions.

For each purchase of eligible products, a separate credit in Amazon Pay balance will be made.

Can I redeem the cashback in Amazon Pay balance for cash?
Amazon Pay balance cannot be redeemed or exchanged for cash.

Is the cashback credited as Amazon Pay balance the same as any bank cashbacks that are run on the website?
Amazon Pay balance cashback is different, and in addition to, the bank cashbacks offered during festive seasons.

You are eligible for both, if you buy a product that offers Amazon Pay balance cashback and is eligible for bank cashback as well, subject to their terms and conditions.

What happens if I had cancelled or returned the order for the product with cashback in Amazon Pay balance?
If the product has not been shipped and the order is cancelled prior to the issuance of the credit, the cashback will not be issued and the full value of the product will be refunded to you.

If the product is shipped and the order is cancelled post shipment, the cashback in Amazon Pay balance credited to the customer's account will not be cancelled. The refund amount to the customer will be net of the cashback value.

For example, you buy an item worth ₹ 10,000 and receive a cashback of ₹ 1000 in the form of Amazon Pay balance. However, if you cancel the order post shipment, you will be entitled to receive only ₹ 9000 as your refund amount. The Amazon Pay balance credited to your account will not be cancelled. ₹ 9000 will be credited to the original payment method used during the order.

To know more about the Terms and Conditions of Amazon Pay, click here. You can find more answers to the frequently asked question about Amazon Pay Wallet here.

1. What is Amazon Pay ICICI Bank Credit Card?

Amazon Pay ICICI Bank Credit card is co-branded credit card issued by ICICI Bank in association with Amazon Pay (India) Private Limited (Amazon Pay) and Visa. This is a lifetime free credit-card with no joining fees or renewal fees. The cards earnings mechanism is designed to provide earnings for every purchase (excluding transactions made through the card on EMIs, purchases converted to EMI post facto, fuel spends, Amazon Business transactions made on amazon.in/business, purchase of physical and digital gold on Amazon.in) in the form of Amazon Pay Gift Cards redeemable into Amazon Pay balance associated with your Amazon.in account.

2. What are the key benefits of Amazon Pay ICICI Bank Credit Card?
a) No joining fees or annual fees.

b) No limits on earnings for this credit card.

c) No expiry date for earnings.

d) No minimum redemption amount and no fees on redeeming earnings.

e) The structure for issuing reward points to the cardholders is as below:

                                                             
Cardholders who are Amazon Prime members
Item	Reward Points
Purchases made on Amazon.in (excluding purchase of physical and digital gold, transactions made through the card on EMIs, purchases converted to EMI post facto, Amazon Business transactions made on amazon.in/business). 	5%
Payments made towards booking of flights and hotels on Amazon.in	5%
On Amazon.in - For purchase of Amazon Pay Gift Cards and/or payments made towards purchase of e-books.	2%
Payments made to Amazon Pay partner merchants made using this card from Amazon Pay wallet as payment method.	2%
All other merchant spends outside Amazon.in (excluding EMI transactions, purchases converted to EMI post facto, fuel spends).	1%
International spends.	1%
                                                         
Cardholders who are not Amazon Prime members
Item	Reward Points
Purchases made on Amazon.in (excluding purchase of physical and digital gold, transactions made through the card on EMIs, purchases converted to EMI post facto, Amazon Business transactions made on amazon.in/business). 	3%
Payments made towards booking of flights and hotels on Amazon.in	3%
On Amazon -, For purchase of Amazon Pay Gift Cards and/or payments made towards purchase of e-books.	2%
Spends at Amazon Pay partner merchants made using this card from Amazon Pay wallet as payment method.	2%
All other merchant spends outside Amazon.in (excluding EMI transactions, purchases converted to EMI post facto, fuel spends).	1%
International spends.	1%
 
Exclusions for cashback (as reward points):

a) Payment for transactions through EMI made using the card or purchases converted to EMI post facto.
b) Amazon Business transactions made on amazon.in/business.

c) Purchase of physical and digital gold on Amazon.in.

d) Surcharge waiver on fuel transactions: All transactions made by customers for purchasing fuel (petrol, diesel etc.) will have complete waiver (of 1%) of surcharge levied on such transactions and will not be applicable for any additional rewards.

e) Purchases made at other Amazon marketplaces (including Amazon.com, Amazon.ca, Amazon.co.uk, Amazon.de, Amazon.fr, or Amazon.co.jp) will be eligible for 1% cashback.

There will be an automatic conversion of earnings and issuance into Amazon Pay balance on completion of every billing cycle of this credit card within 2 working days. Applicable earning will be provided to you in the form of Amazon Pay Gift Cards redeemable into Amazon Pay balance associated with the Amazon.in account used to apply for the card. You can see earnings for the past billing cycles in your credit card statement issued by ICICI. For more details on how to see your earnings, please visit ICICI FAQs.

3. How can I apply for Amazon Pay ICICI Bank Credit Card?

Go to Amazon Pay ICICI Bank Credit Card page and click on Apply Now. 
 Follow the on-screen instructions to apply for the card.
Note: In case you have an existing relationship with ICICI Bank, you will continue to have ownership of your older ICICI Bank Credit Card, post approval of the Amazon Pay ICICI Bank Credit Card.

4. How do I check the application status of my Credit Card?

a) Once you have submitted your application online, you can track the status of your credit card here.

b) To track the status, you may also call ICICI Customer Care at 1800 102 0123 from your registered mobile number.

c) In case your application is approved or rejected, you will get an email from ICICI verifying the same. In case of rejection, you will receive an email from ICICI bank from email address amzcbcc@icicibank.com" with subject line "Amazon Pay ICICI Bank Credit Card Application <Application Number>".

5. How do I activate my Amazon Pay ICICI Bank Credit Card?

Go to Amazon Pay ICICI Card dashboard and click on Card Controls. 
Enter OTP and enable online transactions. Click on Confirm Changes and verify OTP again. 
Click here to get information on how to activate card.
6. How do I add my Amazon Pay ICICI Bank Credit Card to my Amazon.in account?

You can add your Amazon Pay ICICI Bank Credit Card while shopping on Amazon.in. You have to provide consent to save your card while paying through your card on Amazon.in. 

Please make sure your card is activated for transacting on Amazon or outside Amazon. Click here to get information on how to activate card.

7. Can I apply for the Amazon Pay ICICI Bank Credit Card using a different mobile number?

Yes, you can apply to Amazon Pay ICICI Bank Credit Card using different mobile number or email address but you need to update the same mobile number and email address to your amazon account. You will not be able to change mobile number and email address throughout the application process.

8. How do I complete Amazon Pay ICICI Bank Credit Card KYC verification?
Amazon Pay ICICI Bank Credit Card offers two modes of completing KYC verification:

Video KYC: You are required to provide PAN card and Aadhaar details followed by video-based verification with an officer of ICICI Bank. Please ensure you are also carrying white paper along with pen to provide signature in front of the officer. You will be required to come on camera by accepting the call request by the ICICI Bank officer and complete your video KYC call by answering few questions asked by the officer and showing the original PAN card copy. Video KYC is available 24/7 on all days.
 In-person KYC verification: Once the application is submitted by the customer, customer can book the appointment for in-person KYC verification. A KYC agent will visit the customer and complete the in-person verification. For In-person verification, Aadhaar number is mandatory since it will be completed by biometric fingerprint authentication. To book slot for in-person KYC, please click KYC verification page. 
9. How can I complete video-based KYC verification for Amazon Pay ICICI Bank Credit Card?

Aadhaar Card and PAN card are mandatory to complete Video KYC. You can complete video-based KYC verification by following the below steps:

a. Provide Address Details: Provide your current residence address if it is not same as the address in your Aadhaar and office address.

b. If you have already filled online application, click on Check Application Status and complete your KYC by choosing video KYC option. You will be auto redirected to live video conference with an officer of ICICI Bank who will ask you to answer a few questions and show the original PAN card. In case an officer of ICICI Bank is not available at that moment, you will be asked to wait for a few minutes. In case you decide to do it later, you can come back to Amazon Pay ICICI Bank Credit Card page and click on Check Application Status to initiate video KYC process. Video KYC is available 24/7 on all days.

KYC has to be done only once during application process. If you complete video KYC, do not opt for in-person KYC.
10. Do I need a smart phone or a smart device to complete video KYC? Do I need to download any app to complete video KYC?

Any device which is a smart device (for example smartphones, tablets) and can be used to upload income documents and conduct video-based verification can be used to complete video KYC. You are not required to download any other app to complete video KYC. Video KYC verification will be initiated from your Amazon Pay ICICI Bank Credit Card application hosted at ICICI Bank. In case you could not complete the video KYC process, you can come back to Amazon Pay ICICI Bank Credit Card page on Amazon.in and re-initiate the KYC process. For Android users, Chrome browser is recommended, while for iOS, Safari browser is recommended. 

Please ensure your internet connectivity is stable to complete video KYC.

11. My KYC appointment has been completed. How many days will it take to approve my card?

It takes 7 business days from the KYC appointment completion date to know whether or not the Amazon Pay ICICI Bank Credit Card is approved. You will receive SMS/email once your card is approved. Please contact ICICI bank at 1800 102 0123 for more details.

12. I already have an ICICI credit card. Can I still apply?
Yes, you can apply for Amazon Pay ICICI Bank Credit Card even if you already have an ICICI credit card.

Please note that you will continue having ownership of your older ICICI credit card, post approval of Amazon Pay ICICI Bank Credit Card.

If you have active ICICI Credit card, you may get Amazon Pay ICICI Bank Credit Card within 30 minutes.

13. I completed the application process and my application was instantly approved. When will I get my card?

a) You will be issued a digital copy of your credit card immediately at approval. As per guidelines issued by the RBI, usage of international, tap & pay and online transactions is disabled for all credit cards, including your Amazon Pay ICICI Bank Credit Card. The guidelines impact only cards issued on or after September 30, 2020 or cards that have not been used for online payments in the last 12 months prior to September 30, 2020.
b) You can start using this card for all your online purchases, post enabling it for online transactions by visiting ICICI Netbanking/iMobile app using the following steps:  

 (i) Login to iMobile > Click on Cards & Forex > Choose your Credit Card > Click on Manage Card > Enable International/Online/Tap & Pay transactions.  

 (ii) Login to Internet Banking> Click on Cards & Loans > Click on Credit Cards > Click on Manage Your Card > Select Credit Card Number > Under Manage Credit Card Usage click on Edit > Enable International/Online/Tap & Pay transactions > Enter OTP triggered to your registered mobile number to complete the process.

The physical card will also be dispatched to your contact address and will reach you within 7 business days of approval. You can also fetch your card details by logging into your ICICI Internet Banking or iMobile app.

Note: For instant approved cards, CVV will not be visible to the customer upfront on app. Please check this by logging into ICICI Netbanking / iMobile app.

14. How will I get the Personal Identification Number (PIN) for the card?

The PIN will be sent through SMS on your registered mobile number. You can also generate your PIN by using any one of the following options:

a) Using Interactive Voice Response System (IVR) by calling our toll-free number 1800 102 0123/ 1860 120 7777.

b) Using iMobile app (Go to Services & Aadhar > Card Services > Generate Credit Card PIN).

c) Log in to Internet Banking > Generate PIN > Credit Card PIN > Generate Now.

15. How can I pay outstanding bill for Amazon Pay ICICI Bank Credit Card?

You can pay your outstanding bill for Amazon Pay ICICI Bank Credit Card via methods including Amazon.in app and or via ICICI Netbanking / iMobile app.

(a) Amazon.in app: You can pay your outstanding bill from the Amazon Pay ICICI card dashboard. You can access it from here on your app.

(b) ICICI Bank account: Login into your ICICI Banking App or Net-banking portal and go to CreditCards -> Amazon Pay ICICI Bank Credit Card -> Pay ICICI Bank Credit Card Bill.

16. I am not able to apply for the card.

You might not be able to apply for this card due to any one of the following reasons:
 
Application rejected: If you had already applied for this card and got rejected, you will only be able to apply again after 6 months. In case of rejection, you will receive an email from ICICI bank from email address "amzcbcc@icicibank.com" with subject line "Amazon Pay ICICI Bank Credit Card Application".
 
Already hold the Amazon Pay ICICI Bank Credit  card: If you already have applied and received one card, then you will not be able to apply for another one. Currently, only one card per Amazon.in account can be allocated. If it is none of the above, then please reach out to ICICI customer support on 1800 102 0123 / 1860 120 7777 between 7a.m. to 9 p.m. from your registered mobile number.

17. In what scenarios, will I not get this card in 30 minutes?

If you are an existing ICICI Bank credit card customer, you may get card approved in 30 minutes. However, as per bank's credit underwriting policy and basis customer's bureau records it may take longer to process the application. If an application is received outside of working hours and/or on a non-working day then too processing can take longer than 30 minutes.

18. Where can I use my earnings, i.e. Amazon Pay balance?

Amazon Pay balance can be used to buy anything on Amazon.in and partner websites and apps, except for purchases on other Amazon marketplaces, Amazon Pay Gift Cards. For more details on the list of merchants accepting Amazon Pay, click Featured Partners link.

 All earnings will be automatically credited to your Amazon account in the form of Amazon Pay Balance within 2 working days of completion of your last billing statement.

19. My application for Amazon Pay ICICI Bank Credit Card has been approved. Am I eligible for any welcome offers?

Yes. If you apply for the Card and the application is approved, and you do not have an existing Amazon Prime membership as of such date, you will be eligible to receive a 3-month Prime membership at no additional cost, subject to applicable terms. You will be eligible to receive this benefit, if you applied for the Card and your Card has been approved after April 13, 2023, and only if you do not have a valid Amazon Prime membership. If you are an Amazon Prime member, you will receive rewards for transactions undertaken through the Card equivalent to 5% of the transaction amount paid through the Card, subject to applicable terms; else you will receive reward equivalent to 3% of the eligible amount if you are not a Prime member.

In the event a trial plan for Amazon Prime is active for your Amazon account, you will not be eligible to receive the 3-month Amazon Prime membership under the Welcome Offer, since your account will have an existing Amazon Prime membership at the time of receiving the Welcome Offer. In such a case, you will, however, be eligible to receive all benefits applicable and available to Amazon Prime customers under the Welcome Offer.

20. I used someone else's card to purchase on my Amazon.in account. Will I get any earnings for this?

Please note that earnings will only be transferred to the card owners Amazon account. If you have borrowed an Amazon Pay ICICI Bank Credit Card from another person and are using it for purchase, applicable Amazon Pay balance will not be added to your Amazon account.

21. When will I receive my earnings? How can I verify the earnings amount that has been credited to my Amazon Pay balance?

Your earnings will automatically be converted in form of Amazon Pay balance (Amazon Pay Gift Cards) within 2 working days of completion of every billing cycle of this credit card. This amount is redeemable for all Amazon and Amazon Pay Purchases.

You will receive confirmation from Amazon via Email, after your earnings have been credited to your Amazon Pay balance. 

Additionally, you can check your Amazon Pay transaction history for the entry labelled 'Amazon Pay ICICI Bank Credit Card: Rewards earned for last billing cycle' and applicable gift card issued for earnings on this credit card.

You can also check cashback details in the monthly statement generated by ICICI on your iMobile app. 

Note: Earnings will automatically get credited within 2 working days of completion of every billing cycle of this credit card. If you find a difference in the earnings, please contact ICICI bank at 1800 102 0123/1860 120 7777 between 07:00 a.m. and 09:00 p.m. from your registered mobile number.

22.What will happen to my earnings when I return a purchase?

If you have returned the purchase within the same credit card billing cycle in which the purchase was made, applicable earnings will be debited in the same cycle. Otherwise, it will be adjusted against the earnings for the next billing cycle.

23. Why does my earnings notification say that it will expire in 3 years?

The earnings processed to your Amazon Pay balance are in form of Amazon Pay Gift Cards, which have an expiry period of 3 years, however, please note that at the time of expiry, the amount will be auto-renewed which means that the amount will remain in your account until the time you use them.

24. My Prime membership expires tomorrow, when will my earnings construct change?

Effective immediately, after the expiry of your Prime membership, your earnings program will change from 5% to 3%. However, if you renew your Prime membership, the 5% earnings will still continue.

25. Can I transfer ownership of my Amazon Pay ICICI Bank Credit Card?

No, you cannot transfer ownership of your Amazon Pay ICICI Bank Credit Card to another account at ICICI Bank or another Amazon.in account. The card will always be linked to the original Amazon.in account from which it was applied for.

26. I want to close my card.

To close your credit card, please contact ICICI bank at 1800 102 0123/1860 120 7777 between 07:00 a.m. and 09:00 p.m. from your registered mobile number.

For more queries, refer Amazon Pay ICICI Bank Credit Card FAQs.

27. I want to increase my credit card limit, how to proceed?